“It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.”
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.”
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.”
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. ”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.”
“Keep GoingYour hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“When someone tells me "no," it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.”
“No matter how old you are now. You are never too young or too old for success or going after what you want. Here’s a short list of people who accomplished great things at different ages1) Helen Keller, at the age of 19 months, became deaf and blind. But that didn’t stop her. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree.2) Mozart was already competent on keyboard and violin; he composed from the age of 5.3) Shirley Temple was 6 when she became a movie star on “Bright Eyes.”4) Anne Frank was 12 when she wrote the diary of Anne Frank.5) Magnus Carlsen became a chess Grandmaster at the age of 13.6) Nadia Comăneci was a gymnast from Romania that scored seven perfect 10.0 and won three gold medals at the Olympics at age 14.7) Tenzin Gyatso was formally recognized as the 14th Dalai Lama in November 1950, at the age of 15.8) Pele, a soccer superstar, was 17 years old when he won the world cup in 1958 with Brazil.9) Elvis was a superstar by age 19.10) John Lennon was 20 years and Paul Mcartney was 18 when the Beatles had their first concert in 1961.11) Jesse Owens was 22 when he won 4 gold medals in Berlin 1936.12) Beethoven was a piano virtuoso by age 2313) Issac Newton wrote Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica at age 2414) Roger Bannister was 25 when he broke the 4 minute mile record15) Albert Einstein was 26 when he wrote the theory of relativity16) Lance E. Armstrong was 27 when he won the tour de France 17) Michelangelo created two of the greatest sculptures “David” and “Pieta” by age 2818) Alexander the Great, by age 29, had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world19) J.K. Rowling was 30 years old when she finished the first manuscript of Harry Potter20) Amelia Earhart was 31 years old when she became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean21) Oprah was 32 when she started her talk show, which has become the highest-rated program of its kind22) Edmund Hillary was 33 when he became the first man to reach Mount Everest23) Martin Luther King Jr. was 34 when he wrote the speech “I Have a Dream."24) Marie Curie was 35 years old when she got nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physics 25) The Wright brothers, Orville (32) and Wilbur (36) invented and built the world's first successful airplane and making the first controlled, powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight26) Vincent Van Gogh was 37 when he died virtually unknown, yet his paintings today are worth millions.27) Neil Armstrong was 38 when he became the first man to set foot on the moon.28) Mark Twain was 40 when he wrote "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", and 49 years old when he wrote "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn"29) Christopher Columbus was 41 when he discovered the Americas30) Rosa Parks was 42 when she refused to obey the bus driver’s order to give up her seat to make room for a white passenger31) John F. Kennedy was 43 years old when he became President of the United States32) Henry Ford Was 45 when the Ford T came out.33) Suzanne Collins was 46 when she wrote "The Hunger Games"34) Charles Darwin was 50 years old when his book On the Origin of Species came out.35) Leonardo Da Vinci was 51 years old when he painted the Mona Lisa.36) Abraham Lincoln was 52 when he became president.37) Ray Kroc Was 53 when he bought the McDonalds Franchise and took it to unprecedented levels.38) Dr. Seuss was 54 when he wrote "The Cat in the Hat".40) Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger III was 57 years old when he successfully ditched US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River in 2009. All of the 155 passengers aboard the aircraft survived41) Colonel Harland Sanders was 61 when he started the KFC Franchise42) J.R.R Tolkien was 62 when the Lord of the Ring books came out43) Ronald Reagan was 69 when he became President of the US44) Jack Lalane at age 70 handcuffed, shackled, towed 70 rowboats45) Nelson Mandela was 76 when he became President”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“When all is said and done, more is said than done.”
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”
“It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.”
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.”
“More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.”
“When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.”
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. ”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.”
“Keep GoingYour hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“When someone tells me "no," it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.”
“No matter how old you are now. You are never too young or too old for success or going after what you want. Here’s a short list of people who accomplished great things at different ages1) Helen Keller, at the age of 19 months, became deaf and blind. But that didn’t stop her. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree.2) Mozart was already competent on keyboard and violin; he composed from the age of 5.3) Shirley Temple was 6 when she became a movie star on “Bright Eyes.”4) Anne Frank was 12 when she wrote the diary of Anne Frank.5) Magnus Carlsen became a chess Grandmaster at the age of 13.6) Nadia Comăneci was a gymnast from Romania that scored seven perfect 10.0 and won three gold medals at the Olympics at age 14.7) Tenzin Gyatso was formally recognized as the 14th Dalai Lama in November 1950, at the age of 15.8) Pele, a soccer superstar, was 17 years old when he won the world cup in 1958 with Brazil.9) Elvis was a superstar by age 19.10) John Lennon was 20 years and Paul Mcartney was 18 when the Beatles had their first concert in 1961.11) Jesse Owens was 22 when he won 4 gold medals in Berlin 1936.12) Beethoven was a piano virtuoso by age 2313) Issac Newton wrote Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica at age 2414) Roger Bannister was 25 when he broke the 4 minute mile record15) Albert Einstein was 26 when he wrote the theory of relativity16) Lance E. Armstrong was 27 when he won the tour de France 17) Michelangelo created two of the greatest sculptures “David” and “Pieta” by age 2818) Alexander the Great, by age 29, had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world19) J.K. Rowling was 30 years old when she finished the first manuscript of Harry Potter20) Amelia Earhart was 31 years old when she became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean21) Oprah was 32 when she started her talk show, which has become the highest-rated program of its kind22) Edmund Hillary was 33 when he became the first man to reach Mount Everest23) Martin Luther King Jr. was 34 when he wrote the speech “I Have a Dream."24) Marie Curie was 35 years old when she got nominated for a Nobel Prize in Physics 25) The Wright brothers, Orville (32) and Wilbur (36) invented and built the world's first successful airplane and making the first controlled, powered and sustained heavier-than-air human flight26) Vincent Van Gogh was 37 when he died virtually unknown, yet his paintings today are worth millions.27) Neil Armstrong was 38 when he became the first man to set foot on the moon.28) Mark Twain was 40 when he wrote "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer", and 49 years old when he wrote "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn"29) Christopher Columbus was 41 when he discovered the Americas30) Rosa Parks was 42 when she refused to obey the bus driver’s order to give up her seat to make room for a white passenger31) John F. Kennedy was 43 years old when he became President of the United States32) Henry Ford Was 45 when the Ford T came out.33) Suzanne Collins was 46 when she wrote "The Hunger Games"34) Charles Darwin was 50 years old when his book On the Origin of Species came out.35) Leonardo Da Vinci was 51 years old when he painted the Mona Lisa.36) Abraham Lincoln was 52 when he became president.37) Ray Kroc Was 53 when he bought the McDonalds Franchise and took it to unprecedented levels.38) Dr. Seuss was 54 when he wrote "The Cat in the Hat".40) Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger III was 57 years old when he successfully ditched US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River in 2009. All of the 155 passengers aboard the aircraft survived41) Colonel Harland Sanders was 61 when he started the KFC Franchise42) J.R.R Tolkien was 62 when the Lord of the Ring books came out43) Ronald Reagan was 69 when he became President of the US44) Jack Lalane at age 70 handcuffed, shackled, towed 70 rowboats45) Nelson Mandela was 76 when he became President”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“When all is said and done, more is said than done.”
“Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams:Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.Focus on your character, not your reputation.Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.”
“You'll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don't just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won't happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you'll love it up here.”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“Live your truth. Express your love. Share your enthusiasm. Take action towards your dreams. Walk your talk. Dance and sing to your music. Embrace your blessings. Make today worth remembering.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Live the Life of Your DreamsWhen you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.”
“You Are the Master of Your AttitudeYou cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“The problem, often not discovered until late in life, is that when you look for things in life like love, meaning, motivation, it implies they are sitting behind a tree or under a rock. The most successful people in life recognize, that in life they create their own love, they manufacture their own meaning, they generate their own motivation. For me, I am driven by two main philosophies, know more today about the world than I knew yesterday. And lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.”
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”
“The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it.”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.”
“We are not going to die." Butters stared up at me, pale, his eyes terrified. "We're not?" "No. And do you know why?" He shook his head. "Because Thomas is too pretty to die. And because I'm too stubborn to die." I hauled on the shirt even harder. "And most of all because tomorrow is Oktoberfest, Butters, and polka will never die.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.”
“And will you succeed? Yes indeed, yes indeed! Ninety-eight and three-quarters percent guaranteed!”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“All great achievements require time.”
“When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“Good things happen in your life when you surround yourself with positive people.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“Quand tu veux construire un bateau, ne commence pas par rassembler du bois, couper des planches et distribuer du travail, mais reveille au sein des hommes le desir de la mer grande et large.If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people together to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name.2. Express sincere gratitude.3. Do more listening than talking.4. Talk more about them than about you.5. Be authentically interested.6. Be sincere in your praise.7. Show you care.”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.”
“All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your DreamsDistance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life.Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Every day People straighten up the hair, why not the heart?”
“Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”
“Great Leaders Create More LeadersGood leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“In the name of the Pizza Lord. Charge!”
“Most people can motivate themselves to do things simply by knowing that those things need to be done. But not me. For me, motivation is this horrible, scary game where I try to make myself do something while I actively avoid doing it. If I win, I have to do something I don't want to do. And if I lose, I'm one step closer to ruining my entire life. And I never know whether I'm going to win or lose until the last second.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probablybecome as ordinary as they expect you to be.”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance. The wise grows it under his feet.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“It's not that some people have willpower and some don't... It's that some people are ready to change and others are not.”
“Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.”
“Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“Rise and rise again until lambs become lions”
“I want to live the rest of my life, however long or short, with as much sweetness as I can decently manage, loving all the people I love, and doing as much as I can of the work I still have to do. I am going to write fire until it comes out of my ears, my eyes, my noseholes--everywhere. Until it's every breath I breathe. I'm going to go out like a fucking meteor!”
“But one of the worst results of being a slave and being forced to do things is that when there is no one to force you any more you find you have almost lost the power of forcing yourself.”
“When you're following your inner voice, doors tend to eventually open for you, even if they mostly slam at first.”
“I said "Somebody should do something about that." Then I realized I am somebody.”
“There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“Your inner strength is your outer foundation”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“You are a divine being. You matter, you count. You come from realms of unimaginable power and light, and you will return to those realms.”
“Life always begins with one step outside of your comfort zone.”
“I just want to be someone, to mean something to anyone…”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“The quality of a man's life is in direct proportion to his commitment to excellence, regardless of his chosen field of endeavor.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you are willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it.”
“Control Your Own Destiny or Someone Else Will”
“You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that. We think so often that we are helpless, but we're not. We always have the power of our minds…Claim and consciously use your power.”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“The single greatest lesson the garden teaches is that our relationship to the planet need not be zero-sum, and that as long as the sun still shines and people still can plan and plant, think and do, we can, if we bother to try, find ways to provide for ourselves without diminishing the world. ”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most; you should change your priorities over time.”
“Edit your life frequently and ruthlessly. It's your masterpiece after all.”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.”
“Life's short. Live passionately.”
“Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.”
“The road to success is always under construction”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“Would you like to know your future?If your answer is yes, think again. Not knowing is the greatest life motivator.So enjoy, endure, survive each moment as it comes to you in its proper sequence -- a surprise.”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”
“If you don't know what you want, you'll never find it.If you don't know what you deserve, you'll always settle for less.You will wander aimlessly, uncomfortably numb in your comfort zone, wondering how life has ended up here.Life starts now, live, love, laugh and let your light shine!”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“Because I always feel like runningNot away, because there is no such placeBecause if there was, I would have found it by nowBecause it's easier to run,Easier than staying and finding out you're the only one who didn't runBecause running will be the way your life and mine will be described,As in "the long run"Or as in having "given someone a run for his money"Or as in "running out of time"Because running makes me look like everyone else, though I hope there will never be cause for thatBecause I will be running in the other direction, not running for coverBecause if I knew where cover was, I would stay there and never have to run for itNot running for my life, because I have to be running for something of more value to be running and not in fearBecause the thing I fear cannot be escaped, eluded, avoided, hidden from, protected from, gotten away from,Not without showing the fear as I see it nowBecause closer, clearer, no sir, nearerBecause of you and because of that niceThat you quietly, quickly be causingAnd because you're going to see me run soon and because you're going to know why I'm running thenYou'll know thenBecause I'm not going to tell you now”
“Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.”
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”
“There is no more compelling motivation to worthwhile endeavor than the knowledge that we are children of God, that God expects us to do something with our lives, and that He will give us help when help is sought.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make those around you feel important.”
“A challenge only becomes an obstacle when you bow to it.”
“The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“To progress in life, I don’t focus on how much I have done but on how much I have yet to do.”
“I am so grateful for my troubles. As I reflect back on my life, I have come to realize that my greatest triumphs have been born of my greatest troubles.”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly.”
“Never run from the enemy, tackle them”
“People always ask me"Son what does it takeTo reach out and touch your dreams?"To them I always sayAre you hungry?Are you thirsty?Is it a fire that burns you up inside?How bad do you want it?How bad do you need it?Are you eating, sleeping, dreamingWith that one thing on your mind?How bad do you want it?How bad do you need it?Cause if you want it allYou've got to lay it all out on the line”
“Never pray to be a better slave when God is trying to get you out of your situation.”
“You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”
“I found an inner strength to fight for myself. It was clear that nobody else would.”
“Follow your bliss and doors will open where there were no doors before.”
“Talent is a wonderful thing, but it won't carry a quitter. ”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse? Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly. Did you feel like cooperating or doing better?”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“I know this goes without saying, but Stonehenge really was the most incredible accomplishment. It took five hundred men just to pull each sarsen, plus a hundred more to dash around positioning the rollers. Just think about it for a minute. Can you imagine trying to talk six hundred people into helping you drag a fifty-ton stone eighteen miles across the countryside and muscle it into an upright position, and then saying, 'Right, lads! Another twenty like that, plus some lintels and maybe a couple of dozen nice bluestones from Wales, and we can party!' Whoever was the person behind Stonehenge was one dickens of a motivator, I'll tell you that.”
“When you stop living your life based on what others think of you real life begins. At that moment, you will finally see the door of self acceptance opened.”
“Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.”
“Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today’s jobs with yesterday’s tools!”
“You don't go walking into the proverbial lion's den lightly. You start with a good breakfast.”
“I need to stop getting into situations where all my options are potentially bad.”
“Live Long and Prosper”
“Do it badly; do it slowly; do it fearfully; do it any way you have to, but do it.”
“When you live your life by poor standards, you inflict damage on everyone who crosses your path, especially those you love.”
“No one wakes up in the morning and says, 'I want to gain 150 pounds and I will start right now!”
“Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”
“Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.”
“Participate in your dreams today. There are unlimited opportunities available with this new day. Take action on those wonderful dreams you've had in your mind for so long. Remember, success is something you experience when you act accordingly.”
“Motivation is the fuel, necessary to keep the human engine running.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“Anything which is physically possible can always be made financially possible; money is a bugaboo of small minds.”
“The power of "can't": The word "can't" makes strong people weak, blinds people who can see, saddens happy people, turns brave people into cowards, robs a genius of their brilliance, causes rich people to think poorly, and limits the achievements of that great person living inside us all.”
“It is only in our darkest hours that we may discover the true strength of the brilliant light within ourselves that can never, ever, be dimmed.”
“You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“Hope in the shadow of fear is the world's most powerful motivator.”
“We see things not as they are, we see them as WE are.”
“Curiosity is the engine of achievement.”
“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”
“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“Motivation comes from working on things we care about. It also comes from working with people we care about.”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“Go as far as you can see and you will see further.”
“I put on the boots and kicked some monster ass.”
“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”
“While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.”
“Do Something!I was sitting on a plane after a long, tiring business trip. I was a bit grouchy and irritable because the rigorous schedule I had made for myself left me exhausted. Looking to not talk to the person next to me and simply endure the flight, I decided to open my newspaper and read about what was happening in the world. As I continued to read, it seemed that everywhere I looked there were stories of injustice, pain, suffering, and people losing hope. Finally, fueled by my tired, irritable state, I became overcome with compassion and frustration for the way things were. I got up and went to the bathroom and broke down.With tears streaming down my face, I helplessly looked to the sky and yelled to God. “God, look at this mess. Look at all this pain and suffering. Look at all this killing and hate. God, how could you let this happen? Why don’t you do something?”Just then, a quiet stillness pacified my heart. A feeling of peace I won’t ever forget engulfed my body. And, as I looked into my own eyes in the mirror, the answer to my own question came back to me… “Steve, stop asking God to do something. God already did something, he gave you life. Now YOU do something!”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“You touch some of the reasons for my going, not for my staying away.”
“Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods.”
“I can’t think of anything more disheartening than living a life without a clear purpose.”
“Everyone has the fire, but the champions know when to ignite the spark.”
“Money is like gasoline during a road trip. You don’t want to run out of gas on your trip, but you’re not doing a tour of gas stations.”
“You can map out a fight plan or a life plan, but when the action starts, it may not go the way you planned, and you're down to your reflexes - that means your [preparation:]. That's where your roadwork shows. If you cheated on that in the dark of the morning, well, you're going to get found out now, under the bright lights.”
“The war to preserve the privilege of mythmaking”
“I felt like poisoning a monk.”
“If life didn’t give you at least one person not wanting you to succeed then half of us would lose are motivation to climb that cliff, in order to prove them wrong.”
“Love is forgiving, accepting, moving on, embracing, and all encompassing. And if you’re not doing that for yourself, you cannot do that with anyone else.”
“The voice says, maybe you don't go to hell for the things you do. Maybe you go to hell for the things you don't do. The things you don't finish.”
“Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus. Our bodies are our gardens to the which our wills are gardeners.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“The death of a dream can in fact serve as the vehicle that endows it with new form, with reinvigorated substance, a fresh flow of ideas, and splendidly revitalized color. In short, the power of a certain kind of dream is such that death need not indicate finality at all but rather signify a metaphysical and metaphorical leap forward.”
“Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.”
“The heights charm us, but the steps do not; with the mountain in our view we love to walk the plains.”
“I am a free soul, singing my heart out by myself no matter where I go and I call strangers my friends because I learn things and find ways to fit them into my own world. I hear what people say, rearrange it, take away and tear apart until it finds value in my reality and there I make it work. I find spaces in between the cracks and cuts where it feels empty and there I make it work.”
“Rejection is a challenge.”
“A professional is one who does his best work when he feels the least like working.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“Imagine a place where everyone chooses to bring energy, passion, and a positive attitude every day.”
“When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.”
“Everything you need is already within you. The beauty of life is that your DESTINY lies always in your hands. The time has come for you to STEP UP and BE GREAT”
“Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.”
“Live with Fulfillment, Serve with Passion so in this Lifetime you will have the ablility to Die with NO Regrets.”
“Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.”
“All my problems bow before my stubbornness.”
“If you practice hard, you can win every battle.”
“There is a vitality, a life force, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique, and if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium; and be lost. The world will not have it. It is not your business to determine how good it is, not how it compares with other expression. It is your business to keep it yours clearly and directly, to keep the channel open. You do not even have to believe in yourself or your work. You have to keep open and aware directly to the urges that motivate you. Keep the channel open. No artist is pleased. There is no satisfaction whatever at any time. There is on a queer, divine dissatisfaction, a blessed unrest that keeps us marching and makes us more alive than the others.”
“Faithfulness in small things leads to faithfulness in great things, and never the other way around.”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.”
“كل لحظة من لحظات الحياة تقدم للمسلم فرصة جديدة للعبادة..وهو بدوره يطمح ليجعل من حياته الدنيوية نموذجا للعبادة المستمرة”
“Focus on what you are and what you can rather than what others aren't &amp; can't. You have to win; they don't necessarily have to lose for you!”
“There is no tomorrow and there was no yesterday; if you truly want to accomplish your goals you must engulf yourself in today.”
“Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT”
“Virtually everyone needs motivation of some sort, but when you are in love - that is motivation enough, it turns many into poets and painters, it spurs the creativity in you.”
“People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.”
“I woke up early and took the first train to take me away from the city. The noise and all its people. I was alone on the train and had no idea where I was going, and that’s why I went there. Two hours later we arrived in a small town, one of those towns with one single coffee shop and where everyone knows each other’s name. I walked for a while until I found the water, the most peaceful place I know. There I sat and stayed the whole day, with nothing and everything on my mind, cleaning my head. Silence, I learned, is some times the most beautiful sound.”
“It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“If you don't write when you don't have time for it, you won't write when you do have time for it.”
“When you experience a negative circumstance or event, do not dwell on it. Be proactive — put your attention on what you need to do to bring the situation to a positive result.”
“Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
“You were born a winner, a warrior, one who defied the odds by surviving the most gruesome battle of them all - the race to the egg. And now that you are a giant, why do you even doubt victory against smaller numbers and wider margins? The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“Where there is life, there is hope.”
“We are motivated more by aversion to the unpleasant than by a will toward truth, freedom, or healing. We are constantly attempting to escape our life, to avoid rather than enter our pain we, and we wonder why it is so difficult to be fully alive. (43)”
“but I have no mind for business and considered staying awake to be enough of an accomplishment.”
“I was sitting at home and had a profound experience. I experienced, in all of my Being, that someday I was going to die, and it wouldn't be like it had been happening, almost dying but somehow staying alive, but I would just die! And two things would happen right before I died: I would regret my entire life; I would want to live it over again. This terrified me. The thought that I would live my entire life, look at it and realize I blew it forced me to do something with my life.”
“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”
“I have moments that aren't too bad, but there's always something I'm struggling with, or feeling guilty about. I just figured I needed to try harder, but I find it difficult to sustain that motivation.”
“Many times in life, we are held back from achieving our goals because we do not commit ourselves wholeheartedly. With an escape route in mind, we hold ourselves back from giving our all.”
“I often lose motivation, but it's something I accept as normal.”
“Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.”
“Recognize that throughout this beautiful day,you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.”
“Diversity of character is due to the unequal time given to values. Only through each other will we see the importance of the qualities we lack and our unfinished soul's potential.”
“The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.”
“If I didn't have Lincoln's butt to stare at the whole time, motivation would be a lot harder to come by.”
“Terimalah kemungkinan akan adanya kesulitan, masalah, dan kesalahan. Karena, dia yang bersungguh-sungguh bekerja keras, sebetulnya juga sedang bersungguh-sungguh menyediakan kesempatan bagi timbulnya kesalahan.Karena kesalahan kita butuhkan untuk mencapai hasil yang lebih baik, karena timbulnya kesalahan adalah tanda diperlukannya cara-cara yang lebih baik. (Mario Teguh - Mistakes are OK-able)”
“While others were dreaming about it - I was getting it done.”
“Our doubts are traitors and make uslose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt. In other words, awish is a good place to start but then you have to get off your butt and make ithappen. You have to pick up a quill and write your own damn story. (Mimi Wallingford)”
“MANAGE YOUR MOOD: Name 1 thing that surprised you today...Name 1 thing that moved you...Name 1 thing that inspired you...”
“...we have to surpass ourselves every day, make every day undying. Climb our own personal Everest and do it in such a way that every step is a little bit of eternity. That's what the future is for: to build the present, with real plans, made by living people.”
“GIVING - Applied tithing is so rewarding. When you give away your time, talent, and treasures you create a huge shift in your prosperity consciousness. So start where you are as you reach for where it is you want to be.”
“Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.”
“If you want to be happy, you need to set your mind on happiness.”
“...she doesn't have to choose between being gentle or being fierce. Both exist in nature and both exist in her. That's ok. She'll know to nourish them both and when applicable, use each unapologetically.”
“Let your action manifest your thought, your belief and your passion.”
“The universe doesn't give you what you want in your mind; it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
“To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.”
“Dream your dream; and realize that you are more than just the dreamer, you are the point of origin for its reality.”
“Every game is winnable if you change your mind about what the prize should be and your perspective about the players at the table.”
“[I]t was with a good end in mind – that of acquiring the knowledge of good and evil – that Eve allowed herself to be carried away and eat the forbidden fruit. But Adam was not moved by this desire for knowledge, but simply by greed: he ate it because he heard Eve say it tasted good.”
“Inspiration fires you up; motivation keeps you burning.”
“The only walls that exist are those you have placed in your mind. And whatever obstacles you conceive, exist only because you have forgotten what you have already achieved.”
“Cream always rises to the top...so do good leaders".”
“Perfection is not a destination; it's a never-ending process...Enjoy!”
“Don't be afraid to be afraid. Have fear, and then conquer the shit out of it.”
“Music is the beat of a drum that keeps time with our emotions.”
“If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.”
“What makes the engine go?Desire, desire, desire.”
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration,motivation, and a pinch of creativity”
“Now he was proving it again. Each time was a new time and he never thought about the past when he was doing it.”
“When you SEE into the invisible, you will DARE to do the impossible!”
“Words of Wisdom (wow): Be Still. Let Go.Flow.Breathe.Believe.Allow.Grow.Align.Be the Light.Be Awake.Be Aware.Anticipate.Participate.Embrace Change.Take that...Chance.Love.You Are Loved.Rise to the Occasion.Fuel your Motivation &amp; make the world become a better place ☯”
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”
“You can motivate by fear, and you can motivate by reward. But both those methods are only temporary. The only lasting thing is self motivation.”
“Let your playerhaters be your motivators.”
“If there was a reason why he preferred the liberal tendency to the conservative one (also held to by many of his circle), it was not because he found the liberal tendency more sensible, but it more closely suited his manner of life.”
“Pain doesn't last. And when it's gone, we have something to show for it. Growth.”
“No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way.”
“It's not life situations but our thoughts are the pilots of grief.”
“Every adversity brings new experiences and new lessons.”
“Sometimes I feel proud of myself, not because of any success I’ve achieved, but because I’m aware of all the difficulties that I have suffered or went through.I’m an eyewitness at all the fear, weakness, frustration, failure, depression, refraction and bad luck moments that I’ve been through alone and which affected significantly but never was able to beat me for so long.This is why I’m proud, because I’m here now stronger that yesterday, I'm still able to stand and continue on my way, still following up my dreams, still trying my best to build better future for me and my family and I will never ever give up!”
“Urusan pembaca adalah mengekalkan ingatan pada apa yang mereka sukai. Sebaliknya, urusan penulis adalah menghapus ingatan dari apa-apa yang sudah ia bikin. Ia hanya memusatkan perhatian pada bagaimana melahirkan karya sebaik-baiknya saat ini.”
“Take each day in your open palms and close your fists around it. This life is not done with you yet.”
“People who don't smile are not serious”
“Never allow the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game!”
“Greatness and nearsightedness are incompatible. Meaningful achievement depends on lifting one's sights and pushing toward the horizon.”
“No one asks how to motivate a baby. A baby naturally explores everything it can get at, unless restraining forces have already been at work. And this tendency doesn't die out, it's wiped out.”
“Yawns are not the only infectious things out there besides germs.Giggles can spread from person to person.So can blushing.But maybe the most powerful infectious thing is the act of speaking the truth.”
“Pain los[es] its power when other things bec[o]me more important.”
“When nothing goes right, you have to face forward and take it on head first.”
“Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.”
“How to win in life:1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow5 don't let people tell you it cant be done6 make no excuses”
“Competition is a rude yet effective motivation.”
“In honor of Oprah Winfrey: Even greater than the ability to inspire others with hope is the power to motivate them to give as much to the lives of others as they would give to their own; and to empower them to confront the worst in themselves in order to discover and claim the best in themselves.”
“If your arteries are good, eat more ice cream. If they are bad, drink more red wine. Proceed thusly.”
“Forget about willpower. It's time for why-power. Your choices are only meaningful when you connect them to your desires and dreams. The wisest and most motivating choices are the ones aligned with that which you identify as your purpose, your core self, and your highest values. You've got to want something, and know why you want it, or you'll end up giving up too easily.”
“In the very act of writing I felt pleased with what I did. There was the pleasure of having words come to me, and the pleasure of ordering them, re-ordering them, weighing one against another. Pleasure also in the imagination of the story, the feeling that it could mean something. Mostly I was glad to find out that I could write at all. In writing you work toward a result you won't see for years, and can't be sure you'll ever see. It takes stamina and self-mastery and faith. It demands those things of you, then gives them back with a little extra, a surprise to keep you coming. It toughens you and clears your head. I could feel it happening. I was saving my life with every word I wrote, and I knew it.”
“A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
“Others can't always define your true identity. They see what they 'want' to see but beyond your mess, God sees the beauty He created and still thinks it's good!”
“There is a sense in which all cognition can be said to be motivated. One is motivated to understand the world, to be in touch with reality, to remove doubt, etc. Alternately one might say that motivation is an aspect of cognition itself. Nevertheless, motives like wanting to find the truth, not wanting to be mistaken, etc., tend to align with epistemic goals in a way that many other commitments do not. As we have begun to see, all reasoning may be inextricable from emotion. But if a person's primary motivation in holding a belief is to hue to a positive state of mind, to mitigate feelings of anxiety, embarrassment, or guilt for instance. This is precisely what we mean by phrases like "wishful thinking", and "self-deception". Such a person will of necessity be less responsive to valid chains of evidence and argument that run counter to the beliefs he is seeking to maintain. To point out non-epistemic motives in an others view of the world, therefore, is always a criticism, as it serves to cast doubt on a persons connection to the world as it is.”
“Perserverance: Outlasting the most rash, pessimistic, cowardly naysayers; those first in line to deny us the dreams never tried. Ourselves.”
“Don’t come back when you realize that I’m rare”
“I am not afraid of tomorrow for I have seen yesterday, I have today and I know Him who holds tomorrow so I know tomorrow will be beautiful for me.”
“...one cannot but wonder how an environment can make people despair and sit idle and then, by changing the conditions, one can transform the same people into matchless performers.”
“Act as if it was, and it will be.”
“The ability to stay calm and focused in the midst of change is what distinguishes great leaders from those just collecting a paycheck.”
“Maybe I'm deceiving myself. Perhaps I don't know him as well as I'd like to imagine. What does a person so willing to utterly remake himself hold inside his heart? Can I trust such a man? What motivates him?In an instant she knew, and she felt a bit of relief.Love. Love was what drove him.”
“If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“Walk free from the long shadows cast by small people.”
“Don't be in a hurry. Everything arise in the due time.”
“Just imagine, life to be a dance with different kind of rhythms depending on what music is playing in the background. Sometimes we may dance alone and that’s OK, as some songs are simply meant to be danced like that. Practice! Don’t stop! It’s your dance! ”
“If we judge ourselves only by our aspirations and everyone else only their conduct we shall soon reach a very false conclusion.”
“Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.”
“It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.”
“To realize one's destiny is a person's only real obligation and when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.”
“Do you wait for things to happen, or do you make them happen yourself? I believe in writing your own story.”
“Money is just an idea.”
“Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.”
“It is not so much where my motivation comes from but rather how it manages to survive.”
“I challenge you to make your life the masterpiece you want to paint, the novel you want to read, the day you want to wake to.”
“Newtonian physics runs into problems at the subatomic level. Down there--in the land of hadrons, quarks, and Schrödinger's cat--things gent freaky. The cool rationality of Isaac Newton gives way to the bizarre unpredictability of Lewis Carroll.”
“Where would we have been without the discoveries of our predecessors, and where are we going without your discoveries?”
“[I]t is important not to abandon the practice [of yoga] because we believe it is driven by the wrong motivation. The practice of yoga itself transforms. Yoga has a magical quality. . . . (20)”
“The Rest of Our Life Is Going To Be The Best of Our Life!”
“Start even if you don't know how.”
“The issue isn't, Am I good enough? No. The issue is, Do I not have any other choice? Will and desire don't matter. Ability doesn't matter. Need is the only thing that matters.”
“we tend to steer our lives in the direction of the lessons we need to learn”
“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
“Vainglory, however, no matter how much medieval Christianity insisted it was a sin, is a motor of mankind, no more eradicable than sex.”
“I’ve always felt that a manager has achieved a great deal when he’s able to motivate one other person. When it comes to making the place run, motivation is everything. You might be able to do the work of two people, but you can’t be two people. Instead, you have to inspire the next guy down the line and get him to inspire his people.”
“Your motivations--get that promotion, throw the best parties, run for public office--aren't impersonal abstractions but powerfully reflect who you are and what you focus on. An individual's goals figure prominently in the theories of personality first developed by the Harvard psychologist Henry Murray. According to his successor David McClelland, what Friedrich Nietzsche called "the will to power," which he considered the major driving force behind human behavior, is one of the three basic motivations, along with achievement and affiliation, that differentiate us as individuals.A simple experiment show show these broad emotional motivations can affect what you pay attention to or ignore on very basic levels. When they examine images of faces that express different kinds of emotion, power-oriented subjects are drawn to nonconfrontational visages, such as "surprise faces," rather than to those that suggest dominance, as "anger faces" do. In contrast, people spurred by affiliation gravitate toward friendly or joyful faces.”
“I refuse to live life with unsettled differences”.”
“Whatever you think you are, you are always bigger than that...”
“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”
“I’m always scared to death that I won’t do a role justice. But fear can be a great motivator.”
“The IMPOSSIBLE is ONLY relevant to those who NEVER attempt it…otherwise it is ABSTACT and MEANINGLESS”
“Orang yang selalu menunda-nunda niatnya tidak akan mencapai apa-apa.Bertindak memang ada bahayanya, tetapi bila kita duduk saja menunggu rezeki nomplok, yang akan datang adalah kegagalan.Kesampingkan saja keragu-raguan anda dan maju terus.!”
“Moving forward implies MOTION when in all actuality it may be simply standing STILL and seeing the salvation of the Lord.”
“Seek first the kingdom of heaven WITHIN, whereby lies an abundance of treasures and resources that you need”
“Discipline is giving yourself a command and following it up with action”
“Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.”
“So many people will tell you ”no”, and you need to find something you believe in so hard that you just smile and tell them ”watch me”. Learn to take rejection as motivation to prove people wrong. Be unstoppable. Refuse to give up, no matter what. It’s the best skill you can ever learn.”
“It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.”
“Writer’s block results from too much head. Cut off your head. Pegasus, poetry, was born of Medusa when her head was cut off. You have to be reckless when writing. Be as crazy as your conscience allows.”
“Don’t be afraid to stand tall in YOUR truth! Boldly and confidently face everything that has, and is, keeping you bound. Fight for your inner peace! Fight for your happiness! Fight for everything and everybody that’s important to you! You are NOT a victim! Don’t even play into that. You owe it to yourself to LIVE! Live your life without the regrets, without the resentments, without the unforgiveness, without the blame game, without the self-pity, without any and everything that keeps you from experiencing true joy within! You are too important to waste your life away! Learn to appreciate and value your life, but most importantly, learn to appreciate and value yourself! You count too, no matter what you’ve done!”
“Erase self-doubt by working to build your strengths instead of focusing on your weaknesses.”
“Passion is not a reaction to an external event. It is the left over emotions from the internal battles you have won that propels you forward.”
“Nothing is born into this world without labor.”
“A life fueled by passions is like riding on the back of a dragon.”
“We do not need to attend classroom training programmes for everything. Observation opens the windows of knowledge around us”
“In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.”
“The poor themselves can create a poverty-free world. All we have to do is to free them from the chains that we have put around them!”
“Intent not followed by action is an insult to your design. Decide what you want, create a plan, and get your ass out there!”
“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”
“If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.”
“I could crawl inside the lyrics and know each note intimately. They would claw at my soul, until I could no longer fight the emotions that took me to a place I couldn't experience. But, it was the possibility that made every verse a heart filled prediction and every beat a direction to follow.”
“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
“Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.”
“Momentum builds success.”
“They looked to each other for support, for strength, and at times, motivation, to remember why and for whom they lived.”
“Motivation gets you going; Inspiration keeps you going.”
“What have you gained since you haven't prayed? What will you lose if you pray?”
“In our twenties we have conflicts. We think everything is either-or, black or white: we are caught between them and we lose all our energy in the conflicts. My answer, later on in maturity, was to do them all. Not to exclude any, not to make a choice. I wanted to be everything. And I took everything in, and the more you take in, the more strength you find waiting to accomplish things and to expand your life, instead of the other (which is what we have been taught to do) which is to look for structure and to fear change, above all to fear change. Now I didn't fear change.”
“Just be happy that it is what it is and not what it could be because after all, it could always be worse”
“I made it greater,you always told me to forget the haters.”
“If you are willing to be a self-learner, you will develop yourself.”
“You cannot control the past but you have control over the life you build going forward.”
“Vladimir, be reasonable, you haven't yet tried everything. And I resumed the struggle.”
“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
“Make plans for your new goals. And press towards achieving the goals with all your strength.”
“It’s never been easier for audiences to skip, filter, or avoid advertising, so the best ideas are the ones that respect that the audience needs to get something out of the work; it should inspire, satisfy, or motivate them. You can’t just bombard people with messages anymore.”
“Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The Sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus”
“The truly terrible thing is that everybody has their reasons.”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“The water doesn't know how old you are.”
“Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“…the worst thing said about him is that he was "uncurious.”
“Do not empower your negative thoughts by giving them “legs” so they can run around your mind, creating worries,frustrations, and anxiety in your life.”
“Desire is the key to motivation. It is the key to develop a healthy personality and a positive attitude towards oneself and others.”
“People who work in an environment where doing their best is recognized have a better chance of feeling good about their work.”
“motivating people, forcing them to your will, gives you a cynical attitude toward humanity. It degrades everything it touches.”
“We all grow tired eventually; it happens to everyone. Even the sun, at the close of the year, is no longer a morning person.”
“Daily dance uplift the soul to spiritual realms.”
“Get in touch with your passion and put it to work at work.”
“When healthy competition prevails -- you come out to play and you play to win.”
“Dituntun oleh masa laluku, didorong oleh keberadaanku, aku terbang mencari sesuatu yang tak kuketahui. Antusiasme, rasa ingin tahu, dan harapan menemaniku.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart.”
“Sordid things, for the most part, are what make human beings, my father included, move. That's what it is to be human, I'm afraid.”
“You have come nearer to mastering a good many aspects of cooking than anyone except a handful of great chefs, and some day it will pay off. I know it will. You will just have to go on working, and teaching, and getting around, and spreading the gospel until it does. (Avis DeVoto to Julia Child)”
“If you spend all your time thinking about how someone is going to one-up you, you can't put your best foot forward.”
“To lovers there.Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.”
“Stop trying to explain yourself. People only understand things from their level of perception; within the parameters of their agreement with reality. Save your energy.”
“If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation.”
“Accept hardship as a necessary discipline.”
“Every cruelty is a form of weakness.”
“Here's how man thinks: "If no one’s done it, why should I try? It’s a waste of time; but if he’s done it, I can do it better.”
“Today is a gift that will be taken from you at day's end. Don't waste a moment, a chance, a lesson. You'll never live today again.”
“Self determination is greatest will power.”
“In any situation, there is a sacred-solution.”
“Unity is the intentional inclination to corporately control our destination. In other words, achieving the dream takes a team!”
“May you find the strength of will and the grace of endurance to overcome every challenge.”
“There are six reasons anyone does anything: Love. Faith. Greed. Boredom. Fear..." he said, ticking them off on his fingers; but he lingered on the last, drawing a deep breath before he said, "Revenge.”
“This is the new year the new you. You can pass through another year, coasting on cruise control. Or you can step out of your comfort zone, trying things you have never done before, &amp; make 2012 as the year that you elevate from where you are &amp; soar high. Make it happen!”
“The monkeys solved the puzzle simply because they found it gratifying to solve puzzles. They enjoyed it. The joy of the task was its own reward.”
“Your life is a reflection of your thoughts. Think well.”
“Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.”
“Stop worrying about someone taking your spot. God already have it reserved. Do the work to get there and fill it!”
“Achieving success is a challenge but so is struggling so you may as well choose success.  ”
“If you want him to do it, you've got to change the picture of the world inside his head.”
“Go higher and higher, until it becomes impossible to bring you down, I wanna use a microscope to locate you, don't even dream of coming down.”
“In a story you had to find a reason, but real life gets on very well without even Freudian motivations.”
“The motivation of all artists is 'Look at me, Mum'.”
“It doesn't matter where you've been, only where you are going.”
“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
“Don't let your dreams rust! Listen to your youthful bells ringing loud inside of you.”
“Waiting around to be perfect never amounts to anything. Don't be a waiter or you'll be serving other people.”
“If it is not strong upon your heart to practice what you read, to what end do you read? To increase your own condemnation? If your light and knowledge be not turned into practice, the more knowing a man you are, the more miserable a man you will be in the day of recompense; your light and knowledge will more torment you than all the devils in hell. Your knowledge will be that rod that will eternally lash you, and that scorpion that will forever bite you, and that worm that will everlastingly gnaw you; therefore read, and labor to know that you may do--or else you are undone forever.”
“Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.”
“Raise the bar higher than your opinion...”
“No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.”
“Someone said that our goals keep us going, but it's our dreams that make us tick. So if you disconnect your goals from your dreams, don't be surprised if one morning you realize that your life is on autopilot.”
“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
“Ish #211 "Your child is your parental obligation, not friend.”
“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.”
“Greatness comes from the inside and once you believe you have it, it's yours to share with the world.”
“Real success is not rooted in positions, places or possessions, but in fulfilment of God's purposes for our lives.”
“It is great to do what you love but greater with the great team.”
“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
“We always need a motivation, in order for us to meet our full potential at work.”
“If there's a definition of freedom, I think it's this: living life on your terms.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Rather than the strength it takes to not lose, it's the strength to stand back up after a loss that is sometimes more valuable.”
“The greater the loyalty of a group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.”
“To summarize, using money to motivate people can be a double-edged sword. For tasks that require cognitive ability, low to moderate performance-based incentives can help. But when the incentive level is very high, it can command too much attention and thereby distract the person’s mind with thoughts about the reward. This can create stress and ultimately reduce the level of performance.”
“If you truly feel that self esteem and motivation have to happen first before you can make changes in your life, then we’ll probably be sharing walkers at a retirement home as we talk over what might have been.”
“Needs cause motivation. Deep-rooted desires for esteem, affection, belonging, achievement, self-actualization, power, and control motivate us to push for what we want and need in our lives.”
“Resistance is a powerful motivator precisely because it enables us to fulfill our longing to achieve our goals while letting us boldly recognize and name the obstacles to those achievements.”
“The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.”
“Be thankful for the people who have stood by you and cheered you on, but don't forget to be thankful for the ones that said it could not be done. Writing a book is no small task and even the skeptics can help you get where you want to be!”
“If you're jealous of someone else it simply means you have not come to a true acceptance and appreciation of yourself.”
“If you say no to oppurtunity, you had said no to life”
“I turned from my window. Suddenly it seemed odd for my neighbors on both sides to have visitors while I had none. For the first time, I felt lonely at 'Sconset."Let's cook," Frannie said energetically. "We will smell so good that they'll all come running." She picked up a bowl, filled it with apples from the barrel, and immediately began to cut them up. I put water to boil, got out cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, lard, flour, sugar, salt, saleratus, vinegar, and all the other things for apple pies. We both laughed happily. How easy it is, we thought, to make a decision, to implement a remedy, to act.”
“Ambivalence is one of the biggest enemies of change. If you aren't sure that you really want to take action on something such as your weight, ambivalence will usually win.”
“Tidak ada seorang pun yang bisa dikalahkan, sampai dia menyerah--DI DALAM PIKIRANNYA SENDIRI!”
“Hopes, wants and wishes, all cast across the night sky with my heart in tow.”
“ Inevitably, if we are to grow and change as adults, we must gradually learn to confront the challenges, paradoxes, problems and painful reality of an insecure world.”
“I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking, and then I thought: What the hell good would that do?”
“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.Third should come understanding.Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.”
“It did matter to get out of bed. There were webs to weave. Strings to grasp. Packages to deliver. Conversations to start. Thoughts to be expressed. Sams to slam into. Oceans to swim. And sad little men hiding in electrical sockets, waiting to be born of the human imagination.”
“Fear is a powerful stimulant.”
“Berani tanpa disertai kesabaran akan membunuh anda.Ambisius tanpa kesabaran dapat memusnahkan karier yang paling menjanjikan.Berjuang meraih harta tanpa kesabaran akan mengamblaskan milik yang sudah ada.”
“You don't get time.You create time.”
“[Team player vs team builder]Players focus on the wins and the loses.Builders focus on the team and future of the vision.Let's move our members from team player to team builder.”
“Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.”
“There would be a time, when you will ask for nothing but life.”
“Don't be managed by the likelihood of mishaps. Be motivated by the promise of favor!”
“We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.”
“Having what you want may give you Achievement. But wanting what you have will give you Fulfillment.”
“Opportunities to share love and compassion are all around us. Its going to take an army of compassionate people to heal our world. How will you show yours?”
“I am not a man of God, I am too little to be that, but once in a while I like to believe in that thing called destiny.”
“Apunta a la luna y si fallas, al menos estaras entre las estrellas.”
“Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.”
“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
“Turn obstacles into opportunities and problems into possibilities.”
“Your mind can be your enemy or friend. If you always follow your heart, your mind will feel neglected. If you follow only your mind, your heart will never forgive you. Never ignore your conscience, yet always be conscious of reason. Make your heart and mind friends and you will have peace of mind throughout life's seasons.”
“In meetings philosophy might work,on the field practicality works.”
“Embrace every new day with gratitude, hope and love.”
“Until you believe you can do it, it's going to be difficult to convince anyone else you can do it.”
“Even in hardship, God’s goodness prevails.”
“Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.”
“Be the positive impact on someone’s life.”
“Those who win never give up.Those who give up never win.”
“Take a discovery walk today to find what's missing in your life. There's peace in the whisper of the wind, hope in the sun smiling from behind clouds, strength in every step forward. You can do it!”
“Grub Street turns out good things almost as often as Parnassus. For if a writer is hard up enough, if he’s far down enough (down where I have been and am rising from, I am really saying), he can’t afford self-doubt and he can’t let other people’s opinions, even a father’s, keep him from writing.”
“Those who win never quit; those who quit never win.”
“Neatness and cleanliness is not a function of how rich or poor you are but that of mentality and principle.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Let your past propel you forward, not hold you back.”
“Never allow anyone or anything to demise or dull your truest identity. Hurtful words and harsh judgments have no impact when your north star, your guiding light, shines from the center of your chest and beats from your own truest heart.”
“Not all things that fall down break. Some develop wings.”
“Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.”
“Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.”
“Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.”
“Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“The greatest obsession is I believe in myself.”
“May you find the courage to rise above any circumstance.”
“You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.”
“Civilization is a myth. That is the truth this world has taught us. We have not risen above our baser instincts... That is what always has and always will drive us.”
“You will encounter many challenges in life. But you must never be defeated by the challenges.”
“Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!- RVM”
“There is nothing so convincing as a thing well done.”
“Master those books you have. Read them thoroughly. Bathe in them until they saturate you. Read and reread them…digest them. Let them go into your very self. Peruse a good book several times and make notes and analyses of it. A student will find that his mental constitution is more affected by one book thoroughly mastered than by twenty books he has merely skimmed. Little learning and much pride comes from hasty reading. Some men are disabled from thinking by their putting meditation away for the sake of much reading. In reading let your motto be ‘much not many.”
“Control leads to compliance; autonomy leads to engagement.”
“At times what you expect and what happens don’t match. The faster you accept and adapt to what happened &amp; work towards creating what you believed, that what you expected gets created in a whole new way..!”
“Forget perfect on the first try. In the face of frustration, your best tool is a few deep breaths, and remembering that you can do anything once you've practed two hundred times.”
“Reputation Is Temporary..As Much as The Man Owning Your Reputation Is”
“WINNER:is A Runner who “Wins Inspite Of Ninety Nine ExcellentRunners!”
“The challenge of life is regretless decision making, relentless pursuit of vision with faith, forgiving others, enduring pain with a smile &amp; achieving goals with an extra MILE”
“It's hard to stay committed when our heart isn't in it.”
“Goal Of LIFE Is patience,Goal Of Patience Is LIFE!”
“Once You keep Aside the Emotional side Of yours,Is when You stop using the phrase “This was a BAD PHASE” of life..”
“We mistakenly assume that bodily survival has a higher precedence than ego survival. This is simply not generally true. Ego will happily destroy the body for its own sake. Look at overweight executives headed for heart attacks on the way to getting their pictures in Fortune or anorexic models suffering slow starvation on their way to getting their pictures in Vogue. Protecting ego is the general case.”
“A focused Mind is a result Of a little Effort To tell Your Distractions To sleep for A couple of hours While you are at WORK.”
“Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,&amp; Sharing the success with all!”
“All have dreams, live for them, They add meaning to LIFE.The only thing that differentiates us from other beings is the fact that us can DREAM!!!”
“What You were Once, Was Also Because You Were Someone Else Before that”
“Some of you may be perfectly happy with mediocrity. Some of you will get nothing but heartbreak. Some of you will be heralded as geniuses and become huge. Of course, all of you think that one describes you...hence the delusion necessary to push on.”
“If you’ve got a dozen pitchers, you need to speak 12 different languages.”
“The Glory Is Always Hidden Between The Lines Of the Story”
“Have a GOAL to keep the following 5-‘H’ OUT of your lifeH – HarassH – HamperH – HurtH – HarmH – HinderTo Ensure H=Happiness Prevails forever!”
“Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen, Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!”
“Follow Your Heart &amp; The world Shall Follow YOU!Reject it and It stops beating!”
“When every minute of your day is planned &amp; you are packed for days, you shall soon realize that the pain of past fades, vision of life gets clearer and all that seemed to poison your life Ceases to exist.”
“What baseball managers did do, on occasion, beginning in the early 1980s, was hire some guy who knew how to switch on the computer. But they did this less with honest curiosity than in the spirit of a beleaguered visitor to Morocco hiring a tour guide: pay off one so that the seventy-five others will stop trying to trade you their camels for your wife. Which one you pay off is largely irrelevant.”
“IT’s All In The Game Of Mind.”
“The 4 pillars Of the Greatest Religion ever Are Love Trust Character &amp; Brotherhood...”
“The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best...For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever, A battle for the rest..”
“Action is traction.”
“Ardour in well-doing is a misleading and a treacherous thing. It cries out loudly for employment; you can't satisfy it at first; it wants more and more; it is eager to move mountains and divert the course of rivers. It isn't content till it perspires. And then, too often, when it feels the perspiration on its brow, it wearies all of a sudden and dies, without even putting itself to the trouble of saying, "I've had enough of this.”
“I've never considered the possibility of defeat. I've never planned for it. That's the job for those people who plan for such things. My job is to only plan for success...victory; it has my complete focus.”
“If you accept working for 'peanuts' don't complain when you're treated like a monkey.”
“Everybody wants to be a bodybuilder, but nobody wants to lift no heavy-ass weights.”
“Did I love what I was doing, or did I love myself in doing it?”
“If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito!”
“When you feel down and out you must reach up and out--to Spirit! Our strength will only resonate deep within your souls if you open your heart and minds with us.”
“As water cannot rise higher than its source, so the moral quality in an act can never be higher than the motive that inspires it. For this reason no act that arises from an evil motive can be good, even though some good may appear to come out of it. Every deed done out of anger or spite, for instance, will be found at last to have been done for the enemy and against the kingdom of God.”
“Things that aren't important, that have nothing to do with winning and losing, don't have to be a rule.”
“It makes no sense to compare yourself with others because there will always be better &amp; worse people than you out there. Each person has his own path to make. You are where you are now. Could you reach for the stars &amp; have everything you want? realistically no. You may not win Olympic Gold in London 2012 , or be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company etc but you most definitely have the capacity to make YOUR life as the Masterpiece it could really be. The choice is yours...”
“Yours is a race whose imagination is limited to its own small appetites. Greed, lust, envy - these are the motivating forces of humankind. What redeems you is that in every man and woman there is a seed that can grow to encompass love, joy and compassion. But this seed is never allowed to prosper in fertile ground. It struggles for life among the rocks of your human soul.”
“Many outsiders clarified that they believe Christians have a right (even an obligation) to pursue political involvement, but they disagree with our methods and our attitudes. They say we seem to be pursuing an agenda that benefits only ourselves; that we expect too much out of politics; they question whether we are motivated by our economic status rather than faith perspectives when we support conservative politics; they claim we act and say things in an unchristian manner; they wonder whether Jesus would use political power as we do; and they are concerned that we overpowered the voices of other groups.”
“He who perseveres like an infant that falls down and keeps getting up, shall eventually find the way.”~ Amunhotep El Bey”
“Things get done only if the data we gather can inform and inspire those in a position to make difference.”
“Student engagement is the product of motivation and active learning. It is a product rather than a sum because it will not occur if either element is missing.”
“There were three things sought by invaders who crossed oceans to discover America. Those were gold, gospel, glory. There are four things sought by aliens who crossed heavens to discover planet earth. Those are gold, gospel, glory, gene.”
“It is the very use of coercion, positive or negative, that breaks or deadens the spirit, which is the source of motivation.”
“There is only one motive for writing a novel: to be published and read. To me there is no distinction between the mystery novel and the novel, only between good books and bad books. A good book takes the reader into a new world of experience; it is an experiment. A bad book, unless the writing is inept, reinforces the intransigent attitude of the reader not to experiment with a new world. Since there are criminals and psychopaths and sociopaths in all my novels they are in a way psychological thrillers.”
“We need something that encourages us to work, we need an intimate aid. This is only possible through meditation.”
“Trust not in Sprites nor the motivations of a Gnome.”
“Ish #28 "Give you child a name with meaning.”
“Ish #177 "You never know what you don't know, until you finally know it.”
“An employee's motivation is a direct result of the sum of interactions with his or her manager.”
“Seeking Your face and not only Your hand, I find You embracing me just as I am.”
“In all things God's ways are good.”
“Praise is pure joy.”
“Every man suffer pain either pain of hardwork or pain of regret.”
“Do prioritize yourself and just kicked off the bumpy remarks of those ludicrous people.”
“I did not want to fight. I did not want to argue. I just wanted to look into her eyes to get a sense of her soul’s motivation.”
“You will never be perfect, but you will always be enough.”
“There lies in your soul a shining light.”
“Take the time to vet the source before you make it a resource.The influx of fake authority, false answers and fabricated tips, sprinkled with only motivation and inspiration has been leading too many entrepreneurs, start ups &amp; beginners down some of the worst roads possible.”
“Everyday we are reminded by forces that you don’t have to give up!”
“O righteous One, never leave my side and never let me forget you, you are my only hope to succeed in this. Give me what I need to fulfill our will. My life without you is incomplete, you are my source of strength and abundance. I trust and acknowledge you. I am your chosen son.”
“There are a very few motivators that supersede the chance of working alongside a potential love interest.”
“Brotherly love is a blessings of life.”
“Without a song, life is a sad tune”
“Love is the light of life.”
“Regardless of how low a person stoops, it is never too late to uncover a redemptive epiphany. Can I mine an inspirational ray of motivation from my darkest thoughts that allows me to confront the commonplace disorders and tragic interruptions of life? What physical, mental, and emotional strumming make up the tinderbox that produces the moral tension that gives meaning to the life of an ordinary person? Amongst the chaos, confusion, and compromises that mark existence, how do we go about understanding ourselves? How do we become in touch with our personal band of raw emotions? Does self-transformation commence by admitting illicit impulses, irrational thoughts, disturbing habits, mythic misgivings, and stinted worldview? Do we learn through deconstructing our maverick experiences or through intellectual abstraction? In order to move forward in life, is it sometimes necessary to dissect ourselves? Would it prove helpful systematically to take apart nightmarish experiences that seemly never let go of a person?”
“I trust those with discipline much more than I trust those with motivation to get the job done. Motivation often times shows an expiration date. Those with true discipline have the endurance, the dedication and the problem solving skills to make things happen.”
“Life is for the living.”
“Trials teaches a man better than tales.”
“No serenity will come to a man who's broken inside.”
“Many times I believe that destiny puts the right people in the right moments of our lives.”
“The more you love yourself, more (love) you’ll have to give others.”
“To fix a problem change the way you look at it. Remind yourself YOU are the one who is in control of your life. Conquer your fears and persuade your problem by looking for the beauty inside ugliness, and let it swallow negativity. You are the one who creates your own path, and makes things happen, and you are the one who creates reasons to be unhappy. lluminate rather than merely to contemplate.The power of change dwells within us.”
“Powerful is the perfect God.”
“Life on earth must be lived with wholehearted eagerness.”
“Explore eternity of existence with eagerness.”
“Long-term goals are like planting a tree that will bear fruits only after a few years. These trees take a long time to grow but they provide lasting benefits. Unlike the seasonal crop that gives you benefits only once, the trees keep bearing fruits year after year without much effort. However, you have to constantly work for a couple of years even when no fruit is in sight. You must have faith and the motivation to be able to put in continuous effort for a long time.”
“Successful people dream and act on it, while unsuccessful people only dream.”
“If there's nothing new under the sun, then search above it.”
“Life is neither a fun nor a feast but faith.”
“Fasting is necessary as feasting.”
“Life is neither pleasure nor pain but praised.”
“To feel free is to feel eternity.”
“When I count my blessings, I find the best comfort in a blessed existence.”
“Brotherly love is the bond of faith.”
“To escape any sorrow, sing.”
“Love is the lamp that keeps burning to give light.”
“To be cruel is to be coward.”
“A husband must love the wife like his own soul.”
“Praying is the pursuit of eternal blessings.”
“The process of mindfully shifting your attention among inputs may offer you mood benefits, in addition to the mood lift that exercise itself will bring you. Shifting attention in this way may well strengthen the part of your brain that acts to dampen down the ruminations that occur during depression. Shifting attention also makes you able to enjoy richer experiences. You can't lose—whether it is a useful brain exercise for fighting the ruminations of depression or simply a way to drink in joy while exerting yourself, guiding your attention mindfully has its benefits.”
“Do you want to stop growing? Keep saying I can't!”
“Anger motivates as well as any other emotion in the short term. It's in longer doses that it's more poisonous than the others and will slowly eat away at you from the inside out. - The Malwatch”
“Wings can be used for more than flying. Fan the flames of inspiration with them. - The Malwatch”
“The important thing isn’t where you’ve been, or where you are, but where you want to go.”
“The past is a blueprint to create the future by the educated choices we make in the present.”
“I feel a change. It is more intense than every before. Often the simplest experience such as breathing or touching a tree...fills me with life awareness. Do you sense it also?”
“The best stories come from rock-bottom.”
“Meditate on success. Be success. Let the Universe hand out your business cards.”
“Fast is the food that nourishes the inner life.”
“Unity lies strength, together we are stronger.”
“In unity lies strength, together we are stronger.”
“Overpreparedness has stopped you your whole life from doing what you want to do.”
“I suddenly realized that if we are sitting around waiting—maybe even begging and pleading—for our circumstances to change so that we can finally live life the way we really want to live, chances are very good that we will stay stuck waiting forever.”
“Don't go backward seeing obstacles. Overcome it. Your destination is ahead.”
“Confidence can't hide.”
“You can do anything, and you can do anything well.”
“A good Athlete may not be a good Coach, likewise, a good Coach may not be a good Athlete”
“It's neither easy nor impossible. Everything in this universe ranges from fear to hard work. Just go and get what you want.”
“Everyone is right from their own perspective so don't judge anyone prior knowing why they have that perception.”
“People start respecting you seeing the way how you treat others, It's the first thing to learn if you want to live a quality life.”
“I never believe in good fortune. I just believe in sweat and pain, I make things happen and bring down the heaven with them.”
“Look no where else than within.”
“The obstacle is a PATH”
“If you are wise enough, you can set things right with words, not even arguments.”
“Everything can be redefined in this world, that needs one's determination and dedication.”
“But you, O God, are worth a trillion hassles and I will not give up!!Your strength is my strength. Help me, even if the whole world is against me, you will never abandon me. I will accomplish my purpose as long as I'm breathing. Take my right hand and comfort me.”
“If you can’t do it for yourself, you do it for all the other young souls who need to be shown that things are possible. That they too can do that thing they dream of.”
“I do this to the best of my ability and the critics criticize me critically but it's the mental mixed with spirituality. Thinking myself a higher being, knowing myself as a supreme. God chose this for me from the beginning and if there's anyone that has a problem with that, take it up with God and He'll put it to an ending. My protector forever always defending, it's the gift of Heaven He keeps sending.”
“Everyday that goes by you help me build my character and little by little, I gain more self-control and mastery over myself. The vast greatness of our oneness together completes me from soul to flesh, from Heaven to Earth, from head to toe. Your cosmic power brings me to consciousness of the cosmos. I put all my hope and my faith in you.”
“The one that’s different often has the odds stacked against them but usually ends up with the biggest rewards so it’s always worth it.”
“Negative self talk mangles your mindset, erodes your energy, destroys motivation, and meaning, limits your actions, and embeds even deeper levels of debilitating learned helplessness.”
“The Hardest Part of Doing Anything is Getting Started. The Easiest Way to Get Started is to Try it for 10 Seconds”
“3.	People who don’t support your happiness are like a stone in your shoe that make you walk with a limp. In order for the limp to go away, you have to get rid of the stone.”
“2.	Let go of the anchor and sail to greater heights”
“4.	Inspiration comes to those who meet it”
“5.	Stop looking at your life through a rear-view mirror.”
“To see the good in yourself, look at the good in others”
“A never-give -up attitude is tough to beat”
“Willpower is Overrated”
“Starving Yourself is a Cruel Way to Lose Weight”
“Don’t Wish it Will Happen. Make it Happen”
“The Past is the Past…Let it Be”
“If You Think Hope is Just a Dream, Remember That Dreams Do Come True”
“When You Change Your Own World, the Whole World Begins to Change”
“Evil is error.”
“What Have You Got to Lose? Do it!”
“The More You Piss and Moan, The More You’ll Piss and Moan”
“A Goal is Like a Car. You Have to Drive it to Get Somewhere”
“To get something in life, you gotta work hard an go get it, Soon you will be better than you was before.”
“Each man should be free to fight for his own salvation.”
“Decide to believe in yourself. Be patient and strong, because there is no doubt you possess the ability to overcome obstacles throughout your life.”
“There is no honour like humility.”
“參與感、成就感、領導感、新知感，這些都是讓人願意加入社群的關鍵，也是內源性的獎勵機制。”
“to find yourself, think for yourself”
“I have two options as an artist; achieve success or cause an uproar. The second option is my major goal.”
“All the drive in the world is worthless if you are driving yourself off a cliff.”
“Your grades and degrees doesn't reflects your true education.”
“If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too small”
“Most behavior is in pursuit of a goal. Some efforts are attempts to get something, others to escape or prevent something. Either way, an individual is usually trying to make progress toward some goal. High and low moods are aroused by situations that arise during goal pursuit. What situations? A generic but useful answer is:  high and low moods were shaped to cope with propitious and unpropitious situations.”
“Nothing motivates a man’s actions like a strict ban.”
“If you will not say never, someone else will”
“Let go of your sorrow, sing.”
“If you sing, you will not be sorrow.”
“I wanted to put my best foot forward just like my hero.”
“Stop treating your mouth as if it's your truth's emergency exit.”
“all life's some kind of fucked up circus. we're always tricked into doing stuff... for love, or money, or family, country, religion, maybe "fun" and validation… Friends? and I decided that the less I do, the better I'm doing. Why? Because if you think hard enough, you can probably figure out that all those are some kind of bullshit. But I try not to think too much either anymore.”
“Our presence in this universe is not only the reason of being happy or live happy but it’s more like to be useful, to be caring, and to be charitable, the benevolent and honorable. Make it too different that you have lived for and will starving for. Because I know, we can’t do all the good which others need but what other need all the good that we can do.”
“Everyone needs the real time practical examples inspite of the silent wording and this is what, which contributes its full time struggle to throw us, even more back to thousands of the bullshits to keep us away from the things which are more close to us.Because we believe in doings not in feelings, we believe in physical outlook not in hidden inlook.Measure yourself where you are!”
“Consistency is key. Pick up one rock a day. One day you'll look back and realize you moved a mountain."-”
“If you forget how far you've come, reflect. Adjust the rearview mirror. Keep your eyes on the road ahead.”
“You're not lazy, you're just not excited by your dreams. "I can handle it!", when was the last time, you took a deep breath, sharpened your focus and vision and said... "I can handle it.”
“In the end he wore me down. Always asking. And the answer I give him is still the only one I have. What do I want? Peace. And it actually shut him up. He didn’t niggle me about it. It was like he got it straight off. I don’t just want quiet, neither. I want peace.”
“If you know what you're looking for, you'll find it.”
“Selfish is when you have a gift and refuse to share it with the world.”
“To lover out there…You can’t standardize Love, because love evolves. It depends on the person, mood, environment , feeling and situation. So whatever works for you at that time , might not work for others. Whatever work for others might not work for you. Just do how you feel.”
“Sufferings awakes search for spiritual things.”
“It’s difficult, if not impossible, to let go of all that negativity, which is a serious drain on your motivation, but you got to let it go.”
“Healing takes place in the heart.”
“Hope makes a happy heart.”
“Your courage to face failure, and your ability to navigate your way out of it, absolutely makes you who you are.”
“I believe in making memories. For when you drive on the rough damp road, it acts like a smile just as your favourite songs playing on the radio!”
“Never look back. The past is done. The future is a blank canvas. Work on creating a masterpiece. Only you have the power to make your painting beautiful. Do not waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Every flower blooms at a different pace. Excel at doing what your passion is and only focus on perfecting it. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you.”
“Faith is the conqueror of dreams.”
“Numbers by popular consensus don’t make a wrong thing right, and if you are misunderstood for being right, don’t be afraid because they are not yet in the right time zone.”
“You don't need to know everything, you just need to know yourself.”
“Work is worship.”
“There is no paradise like praying.”
“I discovered that the answers to which I had been seeking reside within familiarity. Following this epiphany, I let every life experience be my spirit guide.”
“Get up and do it before your mind self sabotages your motivation.”
“I’m not distracted by the verbal blah blah... Behavior speaks... You either produce excuses or results. The rest is just noise.”
“Endurance is the spirit of a strong soul.”
“Come to Christ Jesus just as you are. He can change you, to what you are capable of being.”
“The blessings of being is the breath of life.”
“Repentance leads to times of refreshing.”
“God loves you, so He gave you life.”
“With prayer, your shall preserve thy soul.”
“We stumble in sin because we do not know the Scriptures.”
“With prayer, a man may find the hidden power to progress.”
“Let the failure of today be motivation to do Better Tomorrow.”
“If we know our God, we shall do great exploits.”
“Until you realize your helplessness, can you seek for help.”
“If you wish to be saved from the evil of sin, call on the Saviour, the LORD Jesus Christ.”
“And to all those out there who feel stuck, lost, in a rut, or just unable to transcend habits or behaviors that no longer serve you, understand that we are with you. You are all an integral and vital part of this movement. Keep rising. We are with you in each breath and in every moment. This book is for you.”
“The brevity of life is the calmness of a courageous soul.”
“Hope divides seas for a captain of a shipwreck.”
“Without hope, we are helpless.”
“The blessedness of being is the breath of life”
“A man's belief may influence his behaviour.”
“An act of kindness can teach a man more than mere knowledge.”
“A man's act according to his belief.”
“Dreams don't work unless you do”
“You were not born for murmuring, you are more than that.”
“I welcome the ups and downs. A life unchallenged is a life unchanged. A person who meets no resistance, gains no strength. A determined and blessed life can be delayed, but not denied.”
“The pursuit of a holy faith is power of life.”
“The spirit of love is the work of faith.”
“The blessings of God has sustained us from the beginning to the end of the year.”
“We do what we want; even when it seems crazy.”
“Mình thích mấy người làm việc gì cũng biết cách thoải mái vui vẻ, lúc không vui thì tạm nghỉ ngơi, nhưng đã làm thì phải tập trung và tận hưởng. Ai cũng có xu hướng tách bạch cuộc sống - công việc, nhưng như vậy thì chờ tới bao giờ mới sống? Thật ra công việc mình chọn chính là cuộc sống của mình rồi, vì nó chiếm gần hết thời gian trong ngày của mình. Nếu mình trừ nó ra thì thời gian sống của mình là lúc nào đây?”
“If we refuse to acknowledge our wrongs then opportunities will remain invisible and significant grains of truth obscured.”
“The problem is when we're bent on dealing with problems, we end up having a problem with facing reality; But when we face reality and accept our present situation, problems become less of a problem.”
“The strongest yet the biggest battle is to fight from yourself, for yourself. No one can even imagine the battle one goes through every day. So be strong, be courageous as You are Amazing! And the greatest warrior”
“Motivation can come from many means; none of them compares to the self-motivation acquired while reading good books at a young age.”
“When you make something, when you improve something, when you deliver something, when you add some new thing or service to the lives of strangers, making them happier or healthier or safer or better, and when you do it all crisply and efficiently, smartly, the way everything should be done but so seldom is — you’re participating more full in the whole grand human drama.”
“In a world where everyone desperately tries to be different; be unapologetically yourself.”
“You could overcome most anything if you refused to turn your face from it.”
“Neither reason nor religion can help a man.Only the righteous of faith.”
“Salvation is to be set free from the evil of sin.”
“Are you in pain?Do not panic, pray!”
“It’s the outsiders who change the world.”
“You have to lose it to make it.”
“Passion is excitement of the heart. The feeling that God and the universe are swaying in your direction.”
“Your focus on only motivation, instead of expanding your reach and knowledge through education, communication and comprehension, is the reason for stagnation in your forward motion.”
“Player: Sir, I don’t think we will win this match, every team member is convinced about the loss, the discussion is only about how badly.Coach: What do you think?The player: I think we only win if we decide to win, but I am just one member of the team, I can’t do anything on my own. At the end of the day it’s a team game. One person can make a difference, but the games are won by the teams. Coach: So, go there and make a difference.Player: How?Coach: It’s difficult but not impossible, you not only have to fight the opponents but also the fear of your team-mates, pretend it’s not difficult, stand firm, just over-look the refusals &amp; denials, keep trying &amp; make them believe it’s a cake-walk even if you are bruised, petrified or tired. Player: But what about the negative mind-set of some players.Coach: Don’t worry about them. They are like sheep, will anyways follow the majority. Keep trying, and most of them will feel ashamed of not doing anything, at least they will pretend to try, and that will give a positive signal to other players. Player: But I also feel de-motivated at times?Coach: Well, find your motivation in fighting the loss of hope, picture yourself in a post win situation, go for the win &amp; take others along, even if some needs to be carried on your back.”
“maybe the cure for any burnout is to work harder.”
“Most entrepreneurs have to go to hell, before finding heaven.”
“I’d tell men and women in their midtwenties not to settle for a job or a profession or even a career. Seek a calling. Even if you don’t know what that means, seek it. If you’re following your calling, the fatigue will be easier to bear, the disappointment will be fuel, the highs will be like nothing you’ve ever felt.”
“Bear the ills of life without being bitter.”
“When her soul is on fire.Her head in the clouds.And her heart on her sleeves.She is under no obligations to neither Make any sense to youNorTo put on a different skin in order to owe your heart...”
“You feel it when you are the first to cross the finish line; you trained every day, even if it rained; everyone could see you as your perfectly humble self, as God intended you to be; So, go there one more time and just run.”
“These three attributes please me as they are persistent in their ways, above all, the fourth is the most diligent one and sure knows how to handle a sword: Ants are a persistent yet impotent bunch. The lion is a voracious fighter that, by no means, look back. The horse knows its value and walks with confidence. The eagle is so competent that it knows where to go all the time.”
“There are many counselors for success, but only ‘one’ for failure. If you do not achieve success, you will be the ‘one’; learn how to use this motivation.”
“Not any wind will knock down our trees, not any drought will prevent our plants from blossoming.”
“Give your best in everything you do because what you plant now is what you'll harvest later.”
“Even at your darkest times don't lose faith, don't give up because even light shines the brightest in pitch black. Just be patient and believe, belief in yourself, belief in God.”
“Relish the opportunity to be an outsider. Embrace that label.”
“I wonder boredom being stronger than it; when it intends to take me, I think of an idea to bring it down.”
“Unto a man without bones his ways are unjust for he does not stand up right and so also will his ways and plans fall but unto the single man which consist of mighty bones his ways are just and will forever stand upright in the sight of the lord our God.”
“A mans action should never be as a result of others but as a result of his own God given wisdom and strengthen.”
“So very often in life you will meet a man that loves favours but never offers none in return”
“Always remember that motivation gets you moving, but determination keeps you going.”
“At some point in their lives, each one of us requires mentoring, guidance and counsel to get better clarity on our vision, passions, goals, and life in general.”
“The more people tell you it’s not possible, that it can’t be done, the more you should be absolutely determined to prove them wrong. Treat the word “impossible” as nothing more than motivation.”
“This is for all those who choose to stand out No matter how many people around have no power but to fit in.This is for all those who still hope for new mornings No matter how long, cold and gloomy their nights were.This is for you This is for me And this is for everyone who still have some kind of hope in their hearts , no matter how many times this life have proved them why they shouldn’t …Thank you!Thank you for being the silver lining that still finds its way through the darkness ….”
“Personal change requires motivation, a plan, and determination to see a plan through to fruition. Although I elected to change the way that I live, this decision was not easy to implement. We frequently act against our better judgment. We sometimes know the correct thing to do, but still struggle doing so. The Ancient Greeks used the term akrasia to refer to a person knowing what course of action is correct and righteous, but electing do somethings else because of a lack of self-control.”
“You can numb the pain, but that hasn’t erased your problem, it’s just given it time to grow.”
“Kakimu Bukan Akar, Melangkahlah. "Orang-orang seperti kita, tidak pantas mati di tempat tidur," ucap Soe Hok Gie suatu ketika.”
“The quality of your life is the quality of your communication.”
“You must never trust a man who shows his intention as a sheep but covers his true intentions which is that of a wolf.”
“Things always get better with time, just wait and see.”
“when it comes to following passion people hardly invest five hours a day with consistency. And then they complain that passion does not feed anyone”
“Update your version of me because I’m not the same person I was before. If you don’t get that, you don’t get me.”
“You don’t recover by stopping the old, but by starting the new. You’ll go back to your old ways unless you create new ways.”
“You’ll go back to your old ways unless you create new ways.”
“When you fall don’t get up until you figure out what tripped you.”
“Sayangnya, banyak orang mengeluh saat diminta tolong menjadi A, karena merasa job desc-nya hanya B. Padahal, bukankah saat kita dipercaya melakukan sesuatu lebih dari satu pekerjaan, itu tandanya kita dianggap mampu? Bukankah itu menjadi nilai plus untuk diri kita sendiri? Siapa tahu, nilai plus ini memberi kita jenjang karier yang lebih cemerlang.”
“Thinking about your problem is like watering your house plant. You only make it grow.”
“We are all addicted to something whether we admit it or not.”
“By the grace of God, I discovered that struggle could become a skill builder, pain could become a motivator, and confusion could serve as a clarifier.”
“Stop letting your haters write your bio.”
“A good attitude comes with understanding your failures are part of the overall plan for your success.”
“You are only limited by your philosophies.”
“Nothing is easy. But who wants nothing?”
“We have to set records, we have no choice.”
“Nothing worth doing ever, ever, ever came easy.”
“Following your convictions means you must be willing to face criticism from those who lack the same courage to do what is right. It’s called the road less traveled.”
“The story of America is the story of an adventure that began with deep faith, big dreams and humble beginnings.”
“The future belongs to the dreamers, not to the critics. The future belongs to the people who follow their heart no matter what the critics say, because they truly believe in their vision.”
“Demand the best from yourself and be totally unafraid to challenge entrenched interests and failed power structures.”
“There are millions of ways to make millions of dollars legally.”
“Rather than labeling our destination as unreachable and fretting about it from a distance, we need to calm down and slow down to preserve our energy so that we can eventually reach it.”
“Find out what you're good at...and then get even better. That's the key.”
“Do not have the mindset that success comes with age, you are not too young to positively affect your world.”
“Time is precious. Don't waste on matters which is not important.”
“Without Action There is Nothing”
“At times in life you are your haters inspiration and motivation unconsciously.”
“At times in life you are your haters inspiration and motivation.”
“I just want us to be honest with ourselves, what’s our intent when we criticize, is it to make someone else better, or just to announce to the world that we are better, and use someone else’s error to help us shine a little brighter?”
“Failure should not be a giving up point, for it gives room for a restructured process”
“Sometimes, no response is the best response.”
“Things not going right? Just write!”
“The world tells us to be our best selves, to be amazing, to be an inspiration. Sometimes, it's nice to just BE.”
“Someday is my favorite day of the week!”
“Everyone has a story inside them. It's your truth. Write your truth!”
“You cannot become what you want at your comfort zone.”
“Always try one more time before you quit all your hopes.”
“Decide, commit, act, succeed, repeat. The one thing that all the greats have in common is they sweat the small stuff and they pay very close attention to every detail.”
“No matter how hard it is, try to be strong than yesterday.”
“I will not give up this chase I will not give up this phase I will not let rejection stop me I will not let failure deter me I will not let struggles affect me I will not let hardwork thwart me Come on sing with me I will not give up this chase I will not give up this phase”
“Don't be limited by the limitations of others.”
“There is no failure, but in failing to begin or failing to continue. Everything else is an education or motivation.”
“It’s better to be insane &amp; fight till the end rather than allowing sanity to presume the strength of your opponent &amp; dictate a withdrawal from the battlefield, what if your opponent is also feeling the same. Remember - the winner is always the last man standing.”
“None of us are making it out of here alive. You could always earn more money and buy nicer things, but you can never earn or buy more time. So just enjoy your life as much as you can.”
“Kindness is a pure knowledge.”
“The man that findeth wisdom in God is a bless man.”
“One or the other of us said 'I can't,' and if it was me I don't know why because I wanted to. Maybe I'm just remembering it wrongly to help me get over the rejection.”
“When one followed a calling, passion was often a driving force greater than self-assuredness.”
“It's been said that there are only two pains in life, the pain of discipline or the pain of regret, and that discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.”
“Wake up and Fuck every one take your happiness”
“It is evil to give up on someone before them.”
“If I’ll ever have a daughter, I’ll teach her that beauty is found in no beauty salons or fitness centers, but that beauty lays in those thoughts she chooses to fill her mind with.I’ll teach her that she was born free and no one has the power to prevent her from her right to choose, to take a stand or even to fly.I’ll teach her that love is no fancy dates or morning texts but that love is all about feeling safe , making effort and respect.I’ll teach her that pride and confidence are the most glorious things she may ever wear.And I will always remind her that she is a queen of her own kingdom, and a queen allow nothing to miss with her crown …”
“Growth is often the parent or the child of pain.”
“It’s not how much you make each month that matters — it’s how much you save along with the flexibility and time outside work that you have.”
“What is the "it" in "write it down"?When you don't have an answer to that question, when you don't know what your goals are,you can use your writing to point you in the right direction. If you don't know what you want,start writing. Writing makes its own meaning”
“You can be born in a fucking sewer and still be the baddest motherfucker on earth.”
“Worrying requires way more energy than hoping, which—unlike worrying—is energizing.”
“When I leave my feelings aside, my frame of minds becomes very clear and actually empty, and I can make intelligent decisions.”
“Once motivated, we likely perform better and succeed faster when we receive encouragement.”
“While motivation fires up our interest and willingness to run the race, encouragement helps get us across the finish line.”
“Believing success is the first step but not the failure.”
“If you want to go big, failing repeatedly is part of the deal.”
“This is a motivational quote, get motivated”
“Change yourself to improve. Change often to improve faster, and to lead — be the change.”
“Be more than motivated, be more than driven, become literally obsessed to the point where people think you're fucking nuts.”
“The stronger your choice is, the stronger your voice is.”
“You are who you build yourself to be.”
“All humans are given a guideline of individual freedom, and are conditioned to live within the guideline. And it is this sense of illusory obedience that defines the freedom of humans in a community, not the individual sense of responsibility. And that's where all the trouble begins. The world cannot be made humane and peaceful, unless the humans begin to redefine, recognize and realize their freedom based on their innate sense of responsibility towards their society, instead of being driven by obedience like racehorses.”
“Write, direct and star in the movie that is your life.”
“give yourself permission to dream, to be totally unrealistic. (Richard Bolles says, "Oneof the saddest lines in the world is, 'Oh, come now, be realistic.' ")”
“When you adopt an alternative mindset, you enter a new world.”
“Don't hope for better times, work towards them”
“Work, responsibility &amp; duty come first, fun, pleasure &amp; play second.”
“Sometimes we wander to find ourselves rather than to find places.”
“Life can be unpredictable sometimes and you got to stay positive and think about good things and let life surprise you.”
“Life has changed a lot for me the moment I’ve learnt to embrace; the darkness, the chaos, the mess and all those things I used to curse about myself.Self-love has nothing to do with neglecting your flaws or imperfections but to realize each one and be aware that despite it all you can fall in love with yourself over and over again. Because you simply deserve love…”
“The secret is to enjoy life now and don’t wish away days waiting for better ones in the future.”
“Real happiness comes from inside yourself, not external factors.”
“A friend that never leaves.A lover who won’t ever disappoint. A loud laugh that echoes through weeps.And a silver lining that finds its way through the dark.Dear self, I’ll be all those things you’ve helplessly and tirelessly looked for But sadly never found.Dear self,Whenever you lose hope and get knocked out By this cruel and mean world;I am here to assure you that all the beauty, strength, love and sparks are there deep within Within your loving soul …”
“In life we try to challenge ourselves for achievements. Sometimes we achieve it, others we fail. This year, I’m out to earn new achievements”
“The measure of someone success can be determined by their ability to fall and rise again.”
“You don’t need to doubt yourself – plenty of people will do that for free!”
“Ordinary people achieve extraordinary goals when they put “Extra” first.”
“Lions don't worry about what lambs think.”
“Compassion becomes an integral part of our spiritualwork, and we are truly motivated by it to help awaken everyone we come into contact with, in hopes that they cansee the light and love in their hearts, and be inspired todo the same for others. Together we can help spread lesssuffering on the planet, and carry on a goal for universalawakening.”
“Success is only rented, and you pay the rent daily.”
“Soon became convinced I was right and undertook the task with all the fire and boundless confidence of youth.”
“Our bodies are of such complexity of structure, the motions we perform are so numerous and involved, and the external impressions on our sense organs to such a degree delicate and elusive that it is hard for the average person to grasp this fact.”
“FRIENDINYOURPOCKET SAYSJUST BECAUSE IT DIDN'T CRACKDOESN'T MEAN IT DIDN'T BREAK!#HOPENATION”
“Never apologize for being you.”
“Success is math; not magic. It is the sum of a behavioral equation… not the spontaneous fruition of wishful thinking.”
“Every step along the way, will help you master the skills you need to succeed.So, don’t worry about the delays,focus on learning everything you canto get at the top and shine like a star.”
“Every step along the way will help you master the skills you need to succeed.So, don’t worry about the delays,focus on learning everything you canto get at the top and shine like a star.”
“When you are happy you can do anything”
“Only through annihilation of distance in every respect, as the conveyance of intelligence, transport of passengers and supplies and transmission of energy will conditions be brought about someday, insuring permanency of friendly relations. What we now want most is closer contact and better understanding between individuals and communities all over the earth, and the elimination of that fanatic devotion to exalted ideals of national egoism and pride which is always prone to plunge the world into primeval barbarism and strife.”
“I am filled with conviction that the interests of humanity would be best served if the United States remained true to its traditions and kept out of “entangling alliances.”
“FRIENDINYOURPOCKET SAYSLOVE SURVIVED EVERY DISASTER AND IT WILL AGAIN BECAUSE LOVE IS THE ROACH OF EMOTIONSYOU CAN'T KILL IT!”
“Years hence it will be possible for nations to fight without armies, ships or guns, by weapons far more terrible, to the destructive action and range of which there is virtually no limit. A city, at any distance whatsoever from the enemy, can be destroyed by him and no power on earth can stop him from doing so.”
“If we want to avert an impending calamity and a state of things which may transform this globe into an inferno, we should push the development of flying machines and wireless transmission of energy without an instant’s delay and with all the power and resources of the nation.”
“Many limitations exist only in your mind.”
“Rather than wither away, I wish for you to grow and flourish in all aspects of life.”
“No one believes in your dream but you. And it’s up to you to make it happen.”
“Success is not someone discovering you. It’s you discovering yourself.”
“To be truly successful you have to break away from the crowds, popularity and your ego for a while. Somewhere you can work towards achieving your goals, say no to distractions and concentrate on studying and practicing.”
“Avoid arguing with cynics and pessimists as they will only drain your energy and time.”
“Don’t get discouraged or compare yourself to people. Focus on improving yourself each day, slowly but surely.”
“The activity which seems unthinkable today can become your warm-up in the future!”
“Change your perspective of yourself, and you will experience a personal transformation.”
“Your priorities determine your happiness — place them in order and act on them.”
“You cannot ensure continual success by looking outside of yourself. You will never find lasting satisfaction there. Things change. Fads come and go, but the approach that breeds success can plant and grow within you.”
“People only know what you say “Yes” to – they don’t see all the activities you declined, and the tough choices you made.”
“You are as invincible as you decide to be.”
“With this morning’s sunrise comes a day of things that have never been.”
“It is almost always better to take a chance and hope that your life will get better instead of ending it.”
“Burnout often has as much boredom in it as exhaustion.”
“Opportunity flies on wings. If you want to seize it, you must be willing to catch it.”
“You have a work to do that will never be accomplished if you don’t move forward today.”
“Goals are dots that connect us to our dreams.”
“Run, lift, stretch, move, move, move to live”
“Health is the gift we give ourselves every time we workout.”
“No one was placed on this earth without a purpose. Everyone matters.”
“Keep the memories that make you smile. Stay connected to the people that make you better. Do the things that make you stronger. Let the rest go”
“No more wanting. It’s time to work. No more hoping. It’s time to help yourself. No more dreaming. It’s time to do. No more waiting for something good to happen to us, it’s time to make something good happen through us.”
“People always settle for less, that's why they will always keep wishing.”
“Always keep in mind that what I can do is going to be better than what I've done!”
“Be aware. Be awake. Appreciate that today is a gift that will be gone tomorrow.”
“It is not too late, friends, to dig up that buried dream and give it breath again.”
“The celebration of a new year has little to do with a new calendar and everything to do with a new start.”
“Do something you’ve never done to achieve something you’ve never achieved.”
“Gather all the good and let go of the rest.”
“What happened before does not determine what will happen next. YOU DO.”
“The seeds you planted last year will grow in this year. Think hard on that when you plant again.”
“Take an inventory of the people to whom you are indebted for the good life you have. Honor them with a good thought, a thank you note, or an act of service. There’s nothing more empowering than the human connection.”
“To live is to risk a broken heart and a broken limb. It’s going where you’ve never ventured, it’s loving without guarantee that you’ll be loved back, it’s tasting, smelling, seeing, touching, and hearing new senses. It’s daring to do what you’re on this planet to do. Only you can decide what that is.”
“A smart man can stand holding many truths in his hands at the same time. A happy man only one”
“I had always liked darkness. When I was small I was afraid of it if I was alone, but when I was with others I loved it and the change to the world it brought. Running around in the forest or between houses was different in the darkness, the world was enchanted, and we, we were breathless adventurers with blinking eyes and pounding hearts. When I was older there was little I liked better than to stay up at night, the silence and the darkness had an allure, they carried a promise of something immense. And autumn was my favorite season, wandering along the road by the river in the dark and the rain, not much could beat that. But this darkness was different. This darkness rendered everything lifeless. It was static, it was the same whether you were awake or asleep, and it became harder and harder to motivate yourself to get up in the morning. I succeeded, and five minutes later I was standing in front of my desk again, but what happened there was also rendered lifeless. It felt as though I was getting nothing back from what I was doing. However much effort I put in, nothing came back. Everything vanished, everything dissolved into the great darkness in which we lived. I might as well say this as that, do this as that, nothing made any difference.”
“Find the options that are right for you - for your condition,your personality,your lifestyle!This book is really about you and for you.”
“Award Winning Book - 1st PlaceLife Awaits You ...Decide that just for today nothing is going to stop you!”
“Problem is after experiencing the past we want to change our future by neglecting the reality of present we are making illusionsary world of future. Which isn't there actually.Because in the past we don't wanna live with some people but we lived with them intentionally or unintentionally. And we want to live with some people but unable to lived with them.In present we are doing the same.So In any phase of life don't neglect the reality.”
“No matter what you're.Matter is what you do.”
“We make and create riches and wealth to give 'em all away .... before we expire”
“You, my dear, have gone through things no one has a clue about and you survived. Even though you don't talk about it anymore, Be proud of yourself for not giving up. Be Proud!”
“Ego comes from being a fool, confidence comes from becoming a master!”
“Selfless help conquers homelessness.”
“Whether living like a “normal” appear to be not the most unworthy way to invest the time of your being?”
“The Crowd Follower: I don’t believe it?The Risk Taker: What exactly you don’t believe? The completion of the project or the process of completion.The Crowd Follower: I don’t believe this can be done this way. No one ever thought of such method, it is beyond my belief.The Risk Taker: Exactly! Your belief was in the failure, you believed its impossible, &amp; when the work progressed, you started questioning the process?The Crowd Follower: I need to know how they made it possible?The Risk Taker: It’s very simple, unlike you. They started with a clean thought process &amp; a missing ingredient, you know what was missing? The belief that it is impossible.They believed it’s possible, &amp; they kept trying &amp; improvising during the process. The absence of a dis-belief resulted in a new method.They discussed the set-backs/failures in a positive manner on making it more effective, and not to declare the project as failure &amp; stop work.It’s the thought process which provides a positive or negative result, when you start negatively you are already working towards proving your point that it’s impossible, didn’t I tell you so? However positive thoughts generates a positive energy that produces improvisation &amp; innovation required to succeed”
“We are not meant to be perfect; we are meant to be whole.”
“It does not matter how strong and well prepared you are, if you have no direction”
“SUCCESS IS A SET-UP NOT AN ACCIDENT.”
“You're so damned implacable that waiting for a satisfying answer before deciding your course of action is also why you're so damned impotent.”
“When you reach a plateau, reflect on the positive affirmations from others”
“We all know sex sells, but sexy does not always translate to authority. Be aware and beware of those only presenting the sexy imagery that entices without the skilled expertise to back it up.”
“I've always known what I want, it's just that everyday it's something different.”
“Life is a journey of learning and adapting.”
“I find that it is when an opinion is least wanted, that it is most needed.”
“When you truly love or want what you are pursuing, holding on can never be harder than giving up.”
“Being different comes at a cost. Make sure you are rich (in courage) enough to pay.”
“Our days will change only with the change of thoughts; the sun-rise is just a call to get-up and work towards it.”
“with us you are not just a number. but if you really want to work here, you better know how to count”
“Life is easy. Just choose the easiest way to celebrate it.”
“In nature, when heaven cries, plants grow. 	 Usually when people cry, they lose something.”
“Never go towards something with fear.”
“Man is alive by his hope.”
“Life is a fleeting cameo, and the reason for the short season is to reason for our season.”
“The long-term thinkers who are quick on their feet realize the opportunities before they are ever spoken of on the news. They are able to not only understand the tides of opinion and desire, they are the ones creating these ripples in the first place.”
“A Family That Eats Together, Grows Together.”
“Like a Treasure, True Love is Hard To Find, But Can Easily Be Found If You Love The Truth.”
“plucking sensefrom a liar’s tongueis rather like dancingon fire to embrace scarring.”
“Rome was not built in one day; But one day Rome was built.”
“If you can't stop or prevent undesirable force then try to channelise it and get the ultimate gain from it.”
“See what's in front of you as a reflection of yourself. This is not narcissisme. It's called self-reflection”
“The choice, as he saw it, was this: You give up or you work for change. “What’s better for us?” Barack called to the people gathered in the room. “Do we settle for the world as it is, or do we work for the world as it should be?”It was a phrase borrowed from a book he’d read when he first started out as an organizer, and it would stay with me for years. It was as close as I’d come to understanding what motivated Barack. The world as it should be.”
“We need motivation…for those dark clouds days and… foxes and wolfs lurking around….”
“Tackle problems with purity of personal power,”
“Explore the eternity of your existence.”
“The man grows with its challenge”
“You desire happiness. I desire to educate my desire.”
“Leadership is less about motivating people to act and more about choosing motivated people who act.”
“Pain is just a piece of information.”
“Fear can be a great motivator, yet it provides no lasting direction.”
“You are an artist and the masterpiece is your life.”
“Motivation loses its spark, the minute we start implementing rules on why, when or where it should be used. It’s a spark which must always be kept ignited.”
“Having problems is not nearly as tormenting as being had by problems.”
“Take charge of your life, seek the best of yourself.”
“A setback often moves us to a road that is even worse, but leads to an even better destination.”
“Life is all you have, be happy!”
“Before you become GREAT, you have to be GRATEFUL...because you are GREAT right now!”
“Ideas that are not fueled by passion often get less attention and vanish with no action.”
“I have sensed the change and maturity leading me to the path of evolution. I observed the veins during suffering and pleasure. It's here inside me. I am me. I am me.​”
“I failed and failed because I was unaware of the changes in principles of the war but I choose to stand in field until my last performance and to examine the man in me. I am me. I am me​”
“I have wasted most of the time on social media in doing unnecessary but I don't regret because I know one day I will return to my originality. I am me. I am me​”
“Holiness is the only weapon capable of pulling the stronghold of hell.”
“Holiness is the only weapon capable of pulling down the stronghold of hell.”
“Good or bad, whatever we do...is recorded by Karma, that is true. For we see, what goes around comes around. Our Karma decides what happens on the ground.”
“Love is a worthy motivation, although you see how quickly it can sour into guilt.”
“The world steadily grows better because the human mind, applying itself to environment, makes it better... with hands... with tools... with horse sense and science and engineering.”
“The passion of one man will always outrun the intellect of a thousand others.”
“When everything looks unbearable, And nothing really seems to fit, You've got to work at full stretch, But you should never ever quit!”
“Impatience is even more unfortunate in the talented.”
“Guerrilla networking does not mean meeting people. It means becoming the type of person other people want to meet.”
“Doing one thing at a time is a recipe for a life that won't keep up with your dreams.”
“When taken in the right direction, even a step that is only half a centimeter long is progress.”
“I just got to a point where I decided that I want to live an unbullshitafied life.”
“You fool, what better motivation are you looking for in the morning than the incredible motivation of the morning sunrise?”
“Live &amp; Do everything in such a way so that if you look back in time, you shouldn't say that if had a time machine i would've done it better.”
“Just playing for the team &amp; coming to the ground isn't enough, the fun is to be known as the member who have made a difference to the team’s fortune. Think different, perform in a way that the game is identified by your name.”
“Choose to collaborate (abundance perspective) and watch your competitors (scarcity perspective) become your allies.”
“Every person arrives in our lives for a reason: so we can teach &amp; learn. This is the flow of life. Allow this process to provide an opportunity for self-reflection. What have you taught? What have you learned? Moving forward, what would you do differently and why?”
“Your career is like a garden. It can hold an assortment of life’s energy that yields a bounty for you. You do not need to grow just one thing in your garden. You do not need to do just one thing in your career.”
“If you net a profit, reward the "producers." Allocate a portion to innovation &amp; future growth. Place a portion in cash reserves to weather storms.”
“I am motivated by faith, not paralyzed by fear”
“Să nu-ți pese înseamnă să privești în fața celei mai terifiante și mai dificile provocări ale vieții și totuși să treci la acțiune.”
“People overestimate what they can do in a single day. And underestimatewhat they can do in their whole lives.”
“He who make no enemies makes no difference.”
“Building a house every day does not necessarily mean that you are building a house every day.”
“My head is held up high, irrespective of the circumstances. If situations are to define your Self Worth, then keep nagging!”
“When we feel others' pain, it triggers empathy. When we help others heal, it triggers self-healing. When we help others grow, it triggers self-growth. When we see everyone--and everything--as connected rather than divided, we lose the feeling of fragmentation and achieve wholeness in mind, body and spirit.”
“...My dry heart soaks in a dance of raindrops Absorbs the water and inhales the smell I am back from heaven and content I live, I love, I laugh…again (Excerpted from Healed by rain, chapter Resilience)”
“No one can reverse best of you!”
“My eyes sparkle confidence, my hair sways in beauty, my personality takes pride in the good deeds I have done, and my smile I say.. let that be an autograph for others to understand whom I am.”
“ANYONE is good at doing something .EVERYONE is bad at doing everything .”
“Our problems are food for our sanity.”
“We can always choose not what we see but how we look at what we see.”
“If you can’t, you must. If you must, you can.”
“People are an organization's most valuable asset and the key to its success. - Dave Bookbinder”
“Aim for the SKY then you will land in the MOON if anything goes wrong.”
“If you wait for things to be perfect, you walk away with NOTHING. Just jump in and get started.”
“Sometimes you just have to have faith in your own ideas. If you don't someone else will. Why should it be them and not you? The only difference is who is willing to take a chance.”
“It's humbling to start fresh. It takes a lot of courage. But it can be reinvigorating. You just have to put your ego on a shelf &amp; tell it to be quiet.”
“The best way to live your life: do what you love and don’t do what you don’t love.”
“Treba znati da bi se vidjelo i treba gledati da bi se znalo jer znanje otvara unutrašnje oči a unutrašnje se uče gledanju od vanjskih.”
“Don’t fear to fail, fear to miss out on taking the countless opportunities this world has to offer you.”
“Harnessed fear gives you the power to be courageous”
“You are like a solider in the battle never give up”
“It is difficult to create a new story when we are still living in our past stories.”
“To own you own happiness you must be willing to free yourself from the past and the stories that no longer serve you.”
“The secret to shifting is a daily practice.”
“We Celebrate the Birthday of our Body, but we must know that in reality, we are the Soul that is Birthless.”
“Muck: A state of being that disempowered and fills us with self-doubt, self-hate, worry, fear, mediocrity, and an overall feeling of hopelessness from knowing that we are not living our lives to our full potential.”
“To talk of the size of a thought is odd, perhaps, but to say that someone is thinking big thoughts is not without meaning. "I want you all to come to my birthday party" is a bigger thought than "I want only some of you to come." Bodhicitta is theoretically the biggest thought anyone can think because of the number of beings involved, what it wants them to have, and the length of time it must last before its motivating power dies out. Since the duration of a thought is a variable of the aim, in the sense that the actions motivated by a thought cease when the aim is attained, one can conceive of thoughts that last longer and longer. Bodhicitta necessarily lasts until the last living being reaches the state free of suffering, because it is only then that the aim is finally achieved. This explains the prayer of Samantabhadra at the end of the Gandavyūha section of the Avataṃsaka Sūtra, which the Dalai Lama often invokes: "For as long as space endures may I remain to work for the benefit of living beings.”
“We are infinite beings. Everything we need to succeed is already within us.”
“Growth cannot take place until we miche beyond what we have always known.”
“Sometimes we have to let others go in order to shine brighter.”
“Getting into the habit of writing what you are grateful for every night is a must- do daily habit.”
“Your job is to keep faith it will work out, i'n it's own perfect way.”
“What amazing possibilities are you ready to take action on now?”
“Keep the faith!”
“In business, the size of our success is partly attributable to the fear of failure that has prevented some people from being our competitors.”
“Sometimes will is what eventually makes the difference.”
“Even One Day Lost in Misery is a great Loss, for the Day will Never Come Back again. You Lose 24 hours of Happiness, Joy &amp; Bliss. Live EACH DAY in Happiness!”
“Nobody is immune to life's nonsense. Some of the people you admire most have been through the same things you have.”
“Everybody has to Die. Then, why Cry? Why not open your Wings and Fly in the Sky?”
“Only while sleeping one makes no mistakes. Making mistakes is the privilege of the active — of those who can correct their mistakes and put them right.”
“We are infinite beings. Everything that we need is already within us.”
“Rules are like records, they are meant to be broken.”
“Your Soul Family are those that are tuned in to your frequency. You sense a strong connection beyond blood or race; you’re connected by energy and vibration. Through quantum communication, they intuitively answer your silent call and show up bringing unconditional love and support at the perfect times. You share an unspoken level of understanding … they just get you and what you’re about. For those people, be thankful … they are your reminders from the Universe that on the deepest level of our existence we are one.— Kianu Starr”
“If only I had Spent my Time Spending my Money rather than just Making it, I would have died a Happier man.”
“It is silly to complain about the hardships caused by your endeavour to achieve a goal for which you are willing to die.”
“She is my superhero, that kind of a superhero whom you’ll never watch in movies or read about in novels and fairytales.Her heart is her forever superpower, no matter how many times it has been shattered still it can love and give endlessly. She walks with so much pride as if she has never fallen for thousands times , and she brightens up my world each morning as if she hasn’t been crying her heart out all night before she sleeps, and if this can’t be so much admirable then I don’t know what’s worth admiring anymore …”
“Your vision, is where you see yourself tomorrow.Your goal, is what you want to achieve tomorrow.Your commitment, is what you will become tomorrow.”
“Like a Feather in the Air, like a Leaf in the Sea, I surrender to Thee, I surrender to Thee. #Inspiration #Motivation #RVM #Quotes”
“People who are going to be successful know it’s gonna happen. And those people tend to hustle until it does happen.”
“Never stay where your presence is simply tolerated. Surround yourself with those who genuinely celebrate your existence”
“You have to let go of memories that are holding on to you in order to make space for the ones that are waiting to enter yourlife. You are blocking your future by sticking to the past in your present.”
“A Knock Down Does Not Have To Be A KnockOut”
“The pain of liberty is better than the pleasure of slavery.”
“It is far better for a family to stay together to enjoy each others company in fellowship of Faith of love.”
“JESUS CHRIST is the Saviour of the whole world.”
“The fear of man is a snare.”
“To put your trust in a man is a trap.”
“All mankind shall the same final fate, death.”
“Humility leads harmony in humanity.”
“Humility leads to harmony.”
“The way of peace comes through prayer.”
“When your low performance starts affecting your self-esteem, do not go into a shell, face your failures, accept the lower intensity of your efforts, change your thinking &amp; start thinking the thoughts of successful people, come back strong &amp; determined, if others can do it, so can you.”
“Positive Power can Inspire. Negative Power can make you Perspire! Which Power do YOU Choose?”
“Today's moment is tomorrow's memory.”
“Avid reader, avid learner.”
“Jste jako složitá kniha, ve které musím číst. Nezajímá mě boj o moc, chci odpovědi. Je mi jedno, kdo mi je dá. Hlavně když je dostanu. (Amélie Lambertová)”
“Writing doesn't improve by not doing it.”
“Do you want to make your Life Exciting? Then Find a Purpose that will make you Jump out of bed each day with Enthusiasm, Power and Excitement!”
“Don’t just GO through Life, GROW through it. For Life comes to you only Once . .. . Never to Return! Climb the Ladder of Life, step by step.”
“The only thing you can not survive is death.”
“Maybe, just maybe, it all worked out perfectly and you have not realized it yet. Sometimes not getting what we expect is better, be open to all possibilities.”
“Far Greater than all the Material Possessions that I Possess is my Freedom to Choose, my Freedom to Live, and my Freedom to be Happy.”
“You become what you have as a need the most to become.”
“Choices, not Chances, are Responsible for the Destiny of our Life.”
“Music helps us to escape any misery.”
“But like everyone else, I still faced the big question: What am I going to do with the rest of my life? In a way, that question grew tougher precisely because I’d been relieved of the pressing need to earn a living. Seeking answers sharpened my awareness that work is about more than achieving financial independence. I think most successful entrepreneurs feel the same way. I’ve talked with a lot of people who collectively have sold dozens of companies for amounts ranging from one to $40 million U.S. Not a single one ever mentioned “achieving financial independence” as their primary motivation for working. Fortune-seekers can rarely sustain their passion through the hard times. Successful enterprises are laser-focused on Value Provided to Customers. Entrepreneurship is not about you; it’s about effectively serving others.”
“Our mortality makes it impossible for our problems to last forever.”
“Most of the people who are striving to be great often compare the demands of their goal with those of that of people who are striving to remain average.”
“I'm Looking forward to summer. If you miss it don't look back but try to bring sunny days into your life instead.”
“Change your direction any moment, you realize you are on the wrong road.”
“Many people keep going round in circles. In the end, they find they are where they started. Many people keep going round in circles. In the end, they find they are where they started.”
“While you have breath, live in love.”
“Clinging onto your past won't make you move into your future fast.”
“I’m going to let you in on a little secret. It’s a lesson learned by those who have faced the most miserable of tragedies, and it’s a secret that I suspect you yourself already know: the sun will always rise. Always.The sun rises the next day after mothers lose their babies, after men lose their wives, after countries lose wars. The sun will rise no matter what pain we encounter. No matter how much we believe the world to be over, the sun will always rise.”
“If the world you are seeing is not the world you want, therefore, it’s time to examine your values. It’s time to rid yourself of your current presuppositions. It’s time to let go. It might even be time to sacrifice what you love best, so that you can become who you might become, instead of staying who you are.”
“Whoever is courageous will have critics.”
“You have to be confident enough to persevere in your pursuit.”
“The brevity of being is to your best life.”
“Are you in pain? Pray!”
“In the difficult days, seek Divine help, pray to God.”
“Each soul suffers in silence.”
“In the silient of his heart, he knows his sufferings.”
“Faith is faithfulness”
“Clinging onto the past won't make you move into your future fast.”
“With diligent determination, you can fulfill ypur dreams.”
“Some girls see money, some girls see power, some girls see art, and some girls see potential, but at the end of the day, they are all seeking security.”
“You are enough if someone treats you like you are not; they are the ones who are not enough for you.”
“We all Come into this WORLD and Go out of this WORLD in the same way. The Destination is the Same. The Difference is the Journey. Some ENJOY it, some DON'T!”
“Only hope can keep a man alive in times of hardship.”
“Prayer paves the path for progress.”
“One thing is needful faith expressed in love.”
“A man's wickedness is upon his own head.”
“Please God deliver us from the road of destruction, Amen.”
“Love for the law of the LORD leads to life.”
“The breath of life is the brevity to live.”
“If we Live without trying to make our Dreams come True, we are no better than the table and chair lying in front of us, just Existing till they are moved out.”
“A man's wisdom may mislead him.”
“Only the knowledge of Scripture of Truth can deliver a us from the error of our ways.”
“Nature is a constant reminder of the beauty of consistence, the utility of patience and persistence, the vanity of arrogance, and the necessity of impermanence.”
“...not everything in life is unpleasant, but most of it is, and certainly all of things that lead to real and lasting pleasure are.”
“Let us never get so jaded by the complexities of life that we forget the sweetness, pureness, innocence of love at first bloom.”
“The Wild Heart wants promises of forever. The Peaceful Soul just wants harmony in the present.”
“You cannot make any of your projects succeed if you rely on motivation. Motivation is ephemeral, infantile and insufficient. A project may succeed only if you rely on a calculated strategy and a pragmatic thinking.”
“Go forward even if you’re tired; go forward even if you don’t feel like it and you don’t feel motivated. Doing a little bit is better than doing nothing. Success is not one large step; it's small daily steps towards reaching the goal.”
“Sometimes you owe luck lot more than a cake when the stars refused to align. Finding a new way from the dead end can inspire many - Vignesh Srinivasan.”
“We all hit rock bottom; sometimes, you bounce up fast, sometimes you crawl until you can straighten up and sometimes you have to lay there for a long time until you learn how to rise again.”
“The Mind Of A Visionary Can Travel To Paradise On Bear Foot.”
“If you’ll not raise your voice now, then they will seal your mouth forever.”
“Don't let your dreams stay buried under the comfort of your current success.”
“With hope in our heart, we shall forever be happy.”
“Without the goodness of God, how can we be glad?”
“Dont't be sorrow, sing.”
“Stay Motivated , Stay Learn &amp; have a Change”
“Our completeness is in Jesus Christ.”
“We are all trying way too hard to become something we don’t want.”
“In the end, no evil shall triumph over what is good.”
“Prayer gives positive energy.”
“Those who are not Free, can't even climb a Tree... Forget about them being what they want to Be!”
“The devourer is a destroyer.”
“War is a worthless action.”
“Der Weise nimmt seine Zuflucht zu den Schriften der Alten und lernt daraus nichts als Wortklauberei. Der Tor hingegen rückt den Problemen zu Leibe und geht das Wagnis, sich mit ihnen auseinanderzusetzen, ein und gewinnt dadurch – wenn ich mich nicht täusche – die wahre Klugheit.”
“Believe in Yourself”
“When things are difficult, I try to remind myself that giving up won't improve the situation.”
“Pleasures that we seek are not Happiness at its peak... for it is Contentment that gives True fulfillment.”
“Do not fight just because the specter calls you. . . fight because the Creator, Talviaol, calls you!”
“Success hasn't any time allotment! Study while others are Sleeping; Work while others are Loafing; Prepare while others are Playing; And Dream while others are Wishing. No matter about the situation just keep it on and one day you're going to be proud-full at yourselves.”
“A smooth Sea never made a skilled sailor.......  ----Mo Stri Ayusha(CSB)  Forever”
“Honesty is not to hide the truth from others, while happiness is not to try to hide it from your own self.”
“Color breathes life into my soul.”
“OPPORTUNITIES don’t wait. Either you USE them or you LOSE them.”
“For every opportunity lost, people might place their bet on futuristic fortunes perpetuated by certain strategical moves. Once you accept the mistakes rest will be history”
“If you’re not chasing your dreams, you’re still sleeping. WAKE UP! Don’t throw away another day. GO GET IT!”
“No one needs to light a fire under you when there’s a fire in you.”
“No “normal” people find themselves in the history books... No “normal” people change the world. So get comfortable being “weird” and embrace the loneliness of unapologetic determination.”
“People who take their own steps to notch up spectacular success are prone to receive the gifts of luck more often; success starts walking toward them in its turn to accelerate the awarded meeting.”
“Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will. Doubt and fear are the two villains of success.”
“The future is a blank canvas.”
“The farther back we can look, the farther forward we are likely to see - Winston Churchill”
“The value of achievements is measured by the amount of pain they cause.”
“Put your efforts towards the things in life that enhance your highest self”
“To me, it's simple: if you've got the time, use it to get ready. What else could you possibly have to do that's more important? Yes, maybe you'll learn how to do a few things you'll never wind up actually needing to do, but that's a much better problem to have than needing to do something and having no clue where to start.”
“Same crap, different day” is a lie... it’s a mindset... it’s a psychological prison that condemns you to a cycle of mediocrity.”
“Find your best time of the day for writing and write. Don’t let anything else interfere. Afterwards it won’t matter to you that the kitchen is a mess.”
“If we knew that achieving success is the only way out to stay alive, would we retreat so easily, or would we at all?”
“Patience is the shield of your dreams, persistence is your sword, Never put them down.”
“I don`t compete with anyone;Others are too lazy to run my race.”
“Don’t be afraid of exploring your capabilities, of seeking adventures, of searching for answers, of pushing the envelope, of finding gaps between the fences. Don’t, be, afraid... Period. Life is too short to be a wimp.”
“Using guilt is not productive. Appealing to the greatness of others is what works for Warren, and it will work for you.”
“It is very challenging to effectively act on motivation and inspiration alone. Without education and direction, forward motion can become a great challenge.”
“For every opportunity lost, people might place their bet on futuristic fortunes perpetuated by certain strategical moves. Once you accept the mistakes rest will be history”
“No one can stand on the way of someone who knows where he is going and is doing it with confidence.”
“Whatever we do, we do because we get something out of it. If you don't like what it is you do, if you want to change what it is you do, look at what it is that you're getting out of it. Is there another way for you to meet this need? Or, is there something you need to address and heal?”
“Every single thought energized with belief can either heal or harm us depending on its nature.”
“Clarity of clear-seeing, releases the grip that holds you back”
“Each step is but a move toward integration, along the chosen path.”
“People ask – how can I enjoy life when I have problems? You may have problems, but you can still enjoy life and be Happy.”
“If you can't talk about it, Write about it!”
“One More Time: But even though I've failed spectacularly and often, I've also learned that all the worst failure does is create momentary shame, and eventually that too will turn into motivation, however slow or belated.”
“If you can't climb the highest mountain any more, go to the closest hill. It is better than staying at the bottom thinking you can't do it.”
“I am the creator of my very own self and I intend to treat me like my greatest masterpiece.”
“Sometimes success is the source of your happiness, but sometimes happiness can be the source of your success.”
“In ten years time will you look back at your past week and be glad how you chose to spend it?”
“If you feel something consistently it’s because you’ve fed it continually. THINK!”
“Experience is not the best teacher. The consequence from experience is the best teacher. No consequence no lesson.”
“Will it be your Heart that wins, or your Fear?”
“When the truth hurts, create a better truth.”
“The greatest material gains and achievements in the world are not good or bad, or right or wrong—they’re just not enough. Like the toys we quit playing with as children, we simply lose interest as we grow up.”
“Don't fear failure. Fear being in the same place next year as you are today.”
“No limit of thinkingNo limit of abilitiesThat is the way to acheive more in life”
“People can talk about their personal experience and it can be true for them and for their life whatever they learned from that; because what they tell to themselves will always be true for themselves. But they can always change the way they think and talk to themselves and realize that the experience they have been having is not a universal law.”
“When imagination comes in action, creative things are likely to happen”
“The biggest motivating factor should be the fear of a loss, if you don’t have that than nothing or no one can motivate you.”
“A qui donc appartient le monde ? A aucune race en particulier, à aucune nation en particulier. Il appartient, plus qu'à d'autres moments de l'Histoire, à tous ceux qui veulent s'y tailler une place.Il appartient à tous ceux qui cherchent à saisir les nouvelles règles du jeu - aussi déroutante soient-elles - pour les utiliser à leur avantage.”
“My coaching philosophy is rooted in the foundational belief that facing your fears head-on will result in performance breakthroughs. Pushing your body to new physical extremes can be seriously uncomfortable. But the better an athlete becomes at facing that fear - embracing it, even - the sooner he or she will realize that it's possible to push beyond the anticipated limits.”
“Follow your dreams… Remember to wear cute shoes!”
“If you could speak to yourself 5 years from now, what would your future self ask you to prioritize?”
“Even a trillion dollars is made up of cents.”
“My scars? They are proof that I tore into this world and it tore into me. They are a receipt for time purposefully spent. They are the memories I proudly point to while others timidly speak of their dreams.”
“My hopes &amp; dreams don't die. With all the suffering, I sometimes ask- Why? They are manipulative, deceitful and they lie. My health aint good, where do I go running away and die? But then I sigh. I cling to others on purpose, as I am strong enough to try. I have nothing to lose.Either I hit the ground or touch the sky. Trust me, it's ok even if each time, I cry.”
“Winning is not life, fighting for third place is.”
“The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person doing it.”
“Responsibility is freedom’s twin.”
“In order to become strong tomorrow, stand up and fight today.”
“You are your biggest obstacle, but you are also the change that you seek.”
“I wake up everyday, wanting to see your smiling face...It's both at the same time - the desire and motivation!”
“If your thoughts and actions are in sync....Magic happens... success happens...!”
“The purpose of life is hidden in the reasons of our unconditional choices.”
“Don`t just dream but dream out; let the outside world become the reflection of your dreams. Choose your destiny not by counting the obstacles but by hunting your dreams. Believe undoubtedly that you can jump higher than your height. The taste of tomorrow depends on the seeds you plant today. So, work on your dreams, chase them the way your shadow chases you.”
“Dear haters, You’re never going to catch up. Because while you’re talking about how “lucky” I am, I’m working. While you’re talking about what you’re going to do, I’m already doing it. While you’re making resolutions, I’m setting behaviors.”
“May you thrive where others tumble.”
“Not a single bird makes its first leap from a tree without faith.”
“Scientists will discover a weak correlation between A and B, assuming C under D conditions. The university PR office will then post something for immediate release: ‘Scientists Find Potential Link Between A and B (under certain conditions)’. News organisations will pick it up and publish, ‘A causes B, say scientists’, which will then be read by The Internets and turned into ‘A causes B - ALL THE TIME!’ Which will then be picked up by TV shows that run stories like ‘A ... A Killer Among Us??’ All of this eventually leads to your grandma getting all weird about A.”
“It was Suzy Kassem who first said, Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.”
“Inspiration works if you work.”
“We have never tried to do most of the things we are dead sure we cannot do.”
“A true BHAG (Big, Hairy, Audacious Goals) is clear and compelling, serves as a unifying focal point of effort, and acts as a catalyst for team spirit. It has a clear finish line, so the organization can know when it has achieved the goal; people like to shoot for finish lines. A BHAG engages people—it reaches out and grabs them. It is tangible, energizing, highly focused. People get it right away; it takes little or no explanation.”
“Through the intense rage found behind every literary rejection and the myriad of artistic trials and tribulations; my one constant has always been the love of my life. My wife. My muse.”
“Choose to be with people who will share opportunities ,jobs ,ideas , knowledge and solutions, because problems we all have and we all know off.”
“Be great at what you do and make no apologies for your wins.”
“Negative input from the conscious mind results in a negative output from the subconscious mind. It’s the old law of cause and effect. To keep your thoughts pure, you must guard what goes into your mind.”
“Rain and Pain never go in Vain! They are just tests before we see GAIN.”
“Comfort rarely produces great art.”
“The haters just don't get it...They're never going to catch up.Because while they're talking about how “lucky" you are,you're working.While they're talking about what they're going to do, you're already doing it.While they're making resolutions, you're setting behaviors.”
“No one is able to change your lifeOnly You are Because you are the only one Who is aware from your thinking and hidden potential”
“Sounds cheesy, but I love that each day gives us the opportunity to experience and affect the length, depth, and breadth of life. It took me a long time and a lot of heartache to realize that no matter what our history, we have the opportunity to be better, to act better, and to live better... to whatever capacity that may mean. I love that.”
“What matters is not how many miles you run… What matters is whether you are having Fun!”
“Muddling through the chaos of her life,She finally understoodThe real among the fake.While she kept on gripping airIn search of friends,She finally understood where to hide.With emptiness by her side,She finally made friends withSolitude and the mess of her mind.While dialogues were only empty promisesShe finally learned how to react with her cold side.Muddling through the chaos in her life,She finally transformed into someone,Who just needed herself to have a sane mind.”
“The envisioned future should be so exciting in its own right that it would continue to keep the organization motivated even if the leaders who set the goal disappeared.”
“Faith is the flame that eliminates fear, and faith is the conqueror of dreams.”
“You don’t give up writing until writing gives you up.”
“Some managers are uncomfortable expressing emotion about their dreams, but that’s what motivates others.”
“Many can find themselves in an awful paradox: afraid of death yet afraid of living.”
“One of the biggest obstacles to obtaining goals is not making a plan. If you really want to achieve something, write down a plan of attack right now.”
“We often look everywhere for solutions except for within.”
“If you design a compelling future, it’s easier to push yourself because your vision will pull you.”
“We are now past the era of speculation and blame. We need to create the era of positive direct action.”
“Doing the best we can manage in the present moment is the pathway to a beautiful future.”
“Discomfort in the present is the path to betterment.”
“You don't need followers, you need supporters. Followers wait for you to make it happen. Supporters, see to it that you make it happen. - The Affidavit of Niedria Dionne Kenny”
“So find your own combination of things to learn and see and be passionate about. Learn from everyone but be your own guidance, and you will find a red-hot feeling in your chest each night, eager for the possibilities of a new day. No one knows your heart as well as you do.”
“Shut up and run.”
“Poor minds believe you are rich when you are spending too much and not saving. Learn to invest and save money in everything you do, because life is costly. Spending too much and buying expensive things doesn’t mean you are rich. You should save as much as you can, rather than spending more than you can afford.”
“Life has knocked me down plenty of times. But there’s always a little bit of me that tells me to get back up, to rise, and shine. It reminds me that I don’t belong in the dust. I belong in the stars and that’s where I should be headed.And that little bit of me… that’s the one I love the most!”
“People that live their lives with passion...never worry about competition.”
“I write, so that everyone else, can live. The Affidavit of Niedria Dionne Kenny”
“Success stories begin with a decision. The decision to go beyond what you are. When you decide that your present station is not your destination, you are already half-way there.”
“To live with Faith, eliminate Fear. Only one can exist in our Life at any point of time.”
“Look at a stonecutter hitting at the rock. Nothing happens at first, but after many strikes, the rock eventually cracks. In Life, don't Doubt. Keep at it and it will happen.”
“When I learned how to calculate, I stopped counting. When I learned how to smile, I stopped being afraid. When I learned how to understand what my cowardice wants from me, I stopped retreating”
“To be committed means to omit all your complaints and carry on doing what needs to be done.”
“You Learn when you Fall”
“There isn’t one story in the world that exist today that talks about triumph or success, where will was not attached. You have to to have will and drive- more than just saying that you “want” something or want to do something. You have to do it. - The Affidavit of Niedria Dionne Kenny”
“When it's hard to to get through another hour and another minute, refuse to believe the lies of darkness, make a conscious decision to focus on light and practice gratitude for what you have.”
“Life without GOALS is like flying a plane not knowing where you want to land. The PURPOSE OF LIFE is to know where we want to go and then go there.”
“One day it’s going to break, because I’m going to break it.”
“Don’t condemn people for talking about their past. For some have found that when it brings you more joy than pain to write or talk about it, that’s when you have found the silver lining as well as the purpose of your struggle- you have overcome. Talk yourself through the storm.”
“Love is not about Romance and sexIt is All about feelings , care and respect for your love”
“Silence is better Because It has tolerance , Encouragemnt , Motivation &amp; Harmony”
“The Destination of Life is Death. Still we ignore Death and live a life of Illusions. Our Goal of life is to Realize God before our final Breath!”
“Maturity Can be defined in only One WordUnderstanding”
“Don't let the others fix your crazy dreams.”
“Negativity doesn't pay my bills.”
“When people ask “where are you now” tell them, you’re living your best life.”
“Imagination is activating the SIM card of your superconscious.”
“Decide what you want in life, and tell the world it’s yours”
“Make things happen, Don't let things happen to you.”
“Companies more than ever need to have a clear understanding of their purpose in order to make work meaningful and thereby attract, motivate, and retain outstanding people.”
“It starts with Dreams—Dreams create Desires, Desires create Determination, which leads us to our Destiny.”
“A well built physique is a status symbol. It reflects you worked hard for it, no money can buy it. You cannot borrow it, you cannot inherit it, you cannot steal it. You cannot hold onto it without constant work. It shows discipline, it shows self respect, it shows patience, work ethic and passion. That is why I do what I do.”
“Because somehow, the sun rises each day. Emerging from the horizon, brighter and more beautiful than the previous day. You'll rise from the horizon too, learning to trust again. Learning to love again. Learning to heal. You'll emerge so bright that the haters will be blinded. And darling, you'll be the sun then, bright and beautiful, but they won't be your sunflowers.”
“Where you see scars I see artWhere you see flawsI see incredible beauty Where you see failuresI see knowledge and growth Everything is perception You see with your eyesI see with my soul It’s how you rock And how I roll.”
“Don’t think for one second you can’t be anything you want to be— a warrior, a goddess, a queen-bee.”
“You’ve got to plant flowers in the center of your soul if you want to bloom.”
“I am the girl that goes backwards, takes wrong turns, stumbles in life’s chasms. I am also the girl that finds gold where others feared to stray. Perhaps because I follow my heart, instead of sage advice thrown my way.”
“Be suspicous of justifying comfortable scenarios.”
“Becoming an inspiration means making a conscious decision every day to hold yourself to a higher standard. Become what you want to see in others.”
“Shiny, perfect thingsExpensive cars, fancy diamond rings Hardly impress meRather mundane, shallow, uninspiring Give me rough around the edges any day Dreadlocks and tousled hair are fine by me Body piercingsQuirky thingsVintage art, old records and books appeal to me Because they have charm, more personality”
“Stories I read and people I love, conversations I have had, dreams I’ve lost and found, these all become part of me, embedded in my DNA, and if they are lucky, eventually, these things I cherish will be stitched into patchworks of poetry.”
“Creativity is all about CRAZY-tivity!”
“Ravan had a lot of wealth, might and power to rule the world but can you call him a successful person?”
“Don’t Quit. Because when you Quit, you give up the one quality that is essential for Success—Persistence. Persistence wins, because it declares, “I will not Quit.”
“If you are spiritually attuned to God, you should be able to see gaps all around you.”
“Becoming an inspiration means making a conscious decision every day to hold yourself to a higher standard. Be what you want to see in others. Become what you want to see in others on your team.”
“You are thunder and lightning Love and rageIntensity and sensitivity Made of mountains, oceansFire and fierce thingsDreams and curiosityYou are paradoxes and contradictions Some days soft, some daysStrong as fuck Always beautiful.”
“Learn to accept everything about yourself, even the part of yourself that struggles to accept everything about yourself”
“This is the thing with any painful circumstanceWe keep trying to be the person we were before it,Denying that painful experience,But all this does is stunt the person we are growing into. Hurtful events always transform us in some way. A far stronger, compassionate being is born from every bladeThat cut to our heart… this is what we gain when we accept our pain. We regenerate with a brighter inner flameAs we seek our light through the shadows.”
“Leadership is a choice. To choose power or empowerment.”
“For A Successful People Every New day is a New learning”
“It is good to have your own vision, but it is dangerous not to run with it.”
“Most artists wont congratulate other artist for winning because they suffer from it should have been me syndrome”
“Don't wait for success to become stronger and confidentBe strong and confident Success will automatically chase you”
“When you let go of anger your hands are free to seize opportunities.”
“There are people who Dream and there are people who Scream. There are people who Cry and there are people who Fly. The good news is that this is a CHOICE!”
“Work on yourself— Feed your mind Nourish your soul Find your passion; Water it, nurture itLet it take root and blossom Let yourself be consumedLet yourself drown in what you love”
“I cannot begin to count how many lightbulb moments I’ve hadHow many times I’ve concluded they’re bad,and how often they’ve turned out to be just fads.My handwork starts as a miracle but quickly turns into a battleI need a spark of gold dust for revival,so I can follow-through and truly beat my rivals.”
“The only thing standing between you and everything you've ever wanted is doing what it takes to have it.”
“Many outcomes were greatly improved by things that delayed them.”
“It’s dark all around, nothing good is coming, nothing is working-out, but I am not going to stop because this is an opportunity to make something good out of the bad, that is when the heroes are born, that is what the heroes are known for.”
“No one will come and save you. No one will come riding on a white horse and take all your worries away. You have to save yourself, little by little, day by day. Build yourself a home. Nurture your body. Find something to work on. Something that makes you excited, something you want to learn. Get yourself some books and learn them by heart. Get to know the author, where he grew up, what books he read himself. Take yourself out for dinner. Dress up for no one but you and simply feel nice. It’s a lovely feeling, to feel pretty. You don’t need anyone to confirm it.I get so goddamn lonely and sad and filled with regrets some days, but I’m learning to breathe deep through it and keep walking. I’m learning to make things nice for myself. Slowly building myself a home with things I like. Colours that calm me down, a plan to follow when things turn dark. A few people I try to treat right, even though I don’t sometimes, but it’s my intention to do so. I’m learning. I’m learning to make things nice for myself. I’m learning to save myself. I’m trying, as I always will.”
“Great growth comes from loneliness. You have time to develop, dwell in your own mind and go a bit mad. All the great people are a bit mad. That’s good to remember. Don’t escape it. Great growth comes from time spent in foreign lands, watching foreign people with foreign cultures. It makes you forget about your own land and race and town for a while. Great growth also comes from rooting yourself into one place from time to time. Unpack your bags, get a nice bed, a bookshelf, some friends. Learn to show up, keep in touch, stick around. Growth comes in all sorts of forms and shapes, everywhere at all times, and it’s yours to take and consume. Do what ought to be done. Here and now, to get you somewhere — anywhere.”
“The problem may be you're to busy trying on everybody's else hat that you've forgotten about your crown.”
“Our inability to imagine the length of the rest of existence magnifies our problems.”
“He would tell you to go in there and kick his ass!”
“Impatience makes even the strong weak.”
“I won't say it, i'll show it.”
“Leaders are readers and learners are earners.”
“Free yourself of that which hurts inside.”
“All writers, Julian went on, are attention seekers: why else would we be sitting up here on this stage? The fact is, he said, no one took enough notice of us when we were small and now we're making them pay for it. Any writer who denied the childish element of revenge in what they did was, as far as he was concerned, a liar. Writing was just a way of taking justice into your own hands. If you wanted the proof, all you had to do was look at the people who had something to fear from your honesty.”
“To achieve something that you have never achieved before, you must become someone that you have never been before.”
“The fact that our minds are problem-solving machines says a lot about the nature of life.”
“Just because you have problems, it doesn’t mean you should not have Dreams. In stead, let your Dreams become the scheme to solve your problems.”
“We’ll often fear what we don’t understand.”
“Irgendwann realisierte ich tatsächlich, dass die Antworten alle in mir schlummerten und nicht draußen in der Welt zu finden waren. Dort konnte ich Menschen treffen, die mir neue Perspektiven aufzeigten, den Schutthaufen der mein Potential verschüttete musste ich allerdings selbst beiseiteschaffen.”
“...she offered an assortment of reasons about why she was walking. The kids were finally out of the house. She heard that no woman had yet thru-hiked in one direction. She liked nature. She thought it would be a lark. I want to see what’s on the other side of the hill, then what’s beyond that, she told a reported in Ohio. Any one of the answers could stand on its own, but viewed collectively, the diversity of responses left her motivation open to interpretation, as though she wanted people to seek out their own conclusions, if there were any to be made. Maybe each answer was honest. Maybe she was trying to articulate that exploring the world was a good way to explore her own mind.”
“It may be a Mountain or a Tree, a River or a Bee . . . learn to enjoy the little things in Life.”
“Everything begins with a choice; the kind of steps we take after the choice will determine and create our reality!”
“I may not always be at my best, but I thank God I now have the maturity, the wisdom, the power, and the strength, to not allow life's situations or people, to have me at my worst.”
“I FOUND MYSELF LIVING FOR THE ONES WHO LOST THEIR LIVES”
“Nature never withholds what, that is essential for other's survival. And we withhold the same.”
“How much the sea became very small, when the first ship sailed.”
“It's not about what you know, it's about what you do not know. Knowledge may be power, but the act of learning is even more powerful”
“It is plain directionless to want to conquer your odds and reach your Goals just to prove a point to the Naysayers. Do it instead for the satisfaction and Joy of you and those that believe in you. Train your Focus!”
“I don’t want to get all new-agey now, but there are lessons to be learned from going through this horrible experience. Many women, including me, learned to accept help. We learned that being sick is not being weak. We learned to be humble in the face of our bodies. We learned to be our own advocates. We learned to feel pretty in spite of the mirror. We learned the importance of slowing down. We learned who our friends are. We learned we can help others with our support and our stories. There are a lot of life-affirming things you can do. I wrote this book.”
“There are two main reasons why trans people enter or remain stealth, about being trans overall or some key aspect: (a) to be the needed goal, and (b) to avoid repercussion. In earlier years of stealth living, the former may seem like the main reason, but the balance between the two will likely change through decades.”
“If You Are Not, Where You Want To be, What Else Do You Need For Motivation...”
“Be a character of excellence, not excuses”
“Any attempt at fighting the camp's psychopathological influence on the prisoner by psychotherapeutic or psycho-hygienic methods had to aim at giving him inner strength by pointing out to him a future goal to which he could look forward. Instinctively some of the prisoners attempted to find one on their own. It is a peculiarity of man that he can only live by looking to the future-sub specie aeternitatis. And this is his salvation in the most difficult moments of his existence, although he sometimes has to force his mind to the task.”
“Not having expected an event makes it seem way better or worse than it really is.”
“The young, thought Sharma, have this ability to suffer much in the time of grief, unlike the old who have seen enough sorrow and know it shall not stay forever. The young hardly know grief is like a thunderstorm. It comes whispering softly at first, a distant hum, a halo of vehemence in the sky, and then there is a sudden, violent, and copious outpouring; that drenches everything that comes in its way. It darkens the sky and turns every inch of green terrain dusky grey. But they don’t realize its ferocity will become less with the lapse of time, and the sun will shine bright and warm, and wash the land golden, and no one would be able to tell there had been a storm. They scarcely understand this essential unfolding of grief isn’t meant to last forever, and eventually, it shall come to pass.”
“Because some people see a wall, and assume that's the end of their journey. Others see it, and decide it's just the beginning.”
“Be ruthless! Say no to everything that is either not essential or doesn’t add something of value to your life.”
“As your vibration increases, the more you grow spiritually, and become attracted to authenticity and less attracted to illusion.”
“The more connections you make, the more engagement you elicit, the more value you bring. The more likely it is that your brand will be rewarded.”
“Lion Is fearless. Lion is not a survivor But a warrior. Lion Hunt Alone, Not in group. Lion Don't eat leftover, but hunt big. A Lion does not turn around when a small dog Barks. Lion Is the king of the jungle”
“When it comes to rain making, not all followers are equally valuable. Some people have a lot more influence than others.”
“Dream big, dream fearless and dream beyond limits! Visualize it, Believe and Take Action!, Do not allow anything or anyone to hinder or limit you.Challenges come to strengthen you! No, it is not easy but worth it!”
“Stop crying. Stop sitting in the dark counting out all your individual feelings about how sad and lonely you are. Wake up.”
“I don't worry about people copying me. Their next move can't happen until I make mine.”
“Self-awareness is developed through practices in focusing your attention on the details of your personality and behaviour.”
“The rest isn’t history...the rest is making history.”
“Authenticity requires self-awareness in many different areas of your life.”
“Kindness connects our souls and makes us richer for the experience.”
“Never make your fears cause you to fall but getting stronger towards advancement.”
“In life everything happens for a reason, I can no longer point the finger of blame. It is up to me to remain positive regardless of what’s happening around me.”
“As human beings, we are so bombarded by gossip and messages about how we should be living our lives, many of us become overwhelmed and confused about what we really want to say to each other.”
“Do not teach children about the meaning of inspiration. Lead by example and show them first hand. Actions speak louder than words.”
“I draw from the well what I like. The well has both mud and water.”
“Inspiration gives us courage to keep going in the face of illness, misfortune, and loss.”
“If we still point fingers when something wrong is happening. We are not ready and we will never find a solution for the problem at hand.”
“I was always taught that when you’re lucky enough to learn something or have some advantage you should share it.”
“You can customize tomorrow, only if you train your brain today! Don't believe in Luck, only believe in hard work”
“Our Destiny is very scripted and unpredictable by the universe. What ever happened was meant to be”
“Winners win, Losers lose. It's YOU who decides what you want to be”
“Power of words are infinity, use them wisely. Power of words can change the world or destroy”
“Don’t train to be ordinary; train to be extraordinary. You have to go beyond the ordinary in order to become extraordinary. You must develop a style that works for you.”
“Don’t Hurry through life, don’t Worry through Life. Life is not just to Run, it’s also to have some Fun.”
“You must never give up. It is a lot easier to keep focused attention when you are impassioned about a thing than to do it when you are not.”
“The mind and skill-expanding opportunity motivates great engagement more than money or accolades.”
“Character makes trust possible and trust makes great leadership possible.”
“Live a little or die a lot. The choice is hours.”
“The moment you need to get started is called "now".”
“Being scared" and "not being able to do it" are two completely different things. Be clear on your choice of allowing fear to take control.”
“That strange sense of being different stays with you. You long to be with people who are more like you. Similarities are what bonds humans than differences, Beevitha.”
“Be thankful every time ,when someone is good to you. Don’t forget that every kindness or good deed is a sacrifice to the person who is doing it.”
“Success is within the reach of just about everyone.”
“A person's impact is only a fraction of what it could be with great leadership.”
“The greater the impact you want to make, the greater your influence needs to be.”
“Whatever you will accomplish is restricted by your ability to lead others.”
“Leadership is not only for a few people, leadership is for everyone and anyone who wants to lead.”
“Leadership is developed daily, not in a day.”
“No matter how gifted a leader is, their gifts will never reach their maximum potential without the application of self-belief.”
“One of the most important lessons a leader can learn is how trust works.”
“Trust is the foundation of great leadership.”
“Be thankful that you are on your feet. There are people who can't even walk down the street.”
“THE WRITER IS ALWAYS RIGHT #HOPENATION”
“Every good deed is a sacrifice .”
“To be Happy and to make others Happy are the two best things to do in Life.”
“i am too full of the sun to be mournful of the rain.”
“but darlingyou are a river.the rocks willbreak youthe valleys will bend you.but you will never stopbecause that is what you do.you flow.”
“I don't see you making it to the top; nobody's going to help you get there. You have to do it all on your own.But if you want it so bad, prove me wrong.”
“What a paradox! People hate to be miserable, but choose to be miserable. Remember this the next time misery arrives.”
“Don't waste Time, you can't get more of it. Even if you give away all you have, you can't get back a Minute.”
“If you think your destination is too far, raise your standards, take some intellectual steps. You will be there soon.”
“People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the only ones who do." - Apple Adv.”
“It doesn't matter the size of step you take, but that you take one. I know you are constrained and cannot do many things, but you can do something.”
“My mom would tell you, "This is one of those Hamlet moments." Meaning: You need to make a significant effort to determine whether you're to be or not to be.”
“There are women who gave birth to children &amp; today are fighting or competing with those children.There are women who trade their children for plate of meal ,a roof over their heads or bottle of alcohol.There are women who gave birth to children &amp; run away from them with new boyfriend,Somewant to enjoy life, but their children get in the way.There are women who are suppose to be step moms, but instead they are devil in the childrens life .They come between the children and father and caused more separation, hate and confusion .There are women who gave birth to children , yet they dont know where are their children today .To all women who are raising children with love, even if its not their own.Every female can be a women , but it takes a lot to be a mother.Happy Mothers Day.”
“Following people on twitter or any social Media has became more important to us than following our dreams and goals. When those people accomplish something, we accomplish hate and envy toward them, because we know that we too could have been successful if we followed our dreams and goals .”
“SUCCESS TONIC• 1 tsp confidence• 1 tsp courage• 2 tsp patience• 4 tsp prayer• 4 tsp perseverance• 4 tsp joy• 6 tsp enthusiasmTake one teaspoonful of this tonic three times daily.”
“Strength is not a roar of thunder in the heart. That is passionStrength is not a process of logic in the mind.That is reason.Strength is a soul-deep voice that whispers'keep going' when we feel like giving up.”
“Not until something challenges you to rise up, you shall always stay down; not until you realize your enough is enough, you shall always have enough. When you keep exerting your energy, time and attention on things which least invoke your courage to rise up and climb to the distinctive best, you shall always stay at your best with the same energy, time and attention time on the less better you because of reluctance, ignorance and fear! The lion that hunts, is always on the move! Awake, challenge and change something!”
“Persistence refines the miserable piece of carbon in you into the purest form of diamond.”
“Think about your future in a positive way and you will move towards your goals.”
“Let me share a Secret with you—if you give more to somebody, that somebody will give more back to you; and so it is with the Master too.”
“Determination wins battles. Perseverance wins wars.”
“My hope is in God, therefore, I am helped.”
“Dreaming is how you set your future in motion.”
“A child of God must not continue to sin.”
“The thing I realised instantly was that at first, Wag had blamed all of this on luck. But he'd made that luck happen. He just hadn't realised it. He'd made a series of 'correct' choices, which had let him, bass in hand, to his girl. Maybe we can all do that. Maybe we can all change our fortunes. Maybe there's no such thing as destiny - there's just a series of choices we create ourselves. I guess it's only when we look at how a No could have changed our lives for the worse that we realise the value of the tiny yeses that fly at us each day. - 293”
“Motivation is nothing but just a feeling of being excited and happy towards whatever you are doing.”
“Today, I will choose to be Happy no matter what. Even though things that happen around me may be unpleasant, I will not let it spoil my day.”
“Those caught up with little pleasures of life think they are Happy, but actually miss the true pleasure that comes from Fulfillment &amp; everlasting Joy.”
“Don’t just go where you want to go, but run, jump and dance as you are going. That’s life. Enjoy every moment of life.”
“Today has already started and nothing can hold it back. All that we can do is convert every moment into a Victory.”
“We choose to do things that make us Cry. We don't know Why. We blame the Sky. We do not Try. Oh My! What a way to Die!!!”
“Don't expect people to always understand you. Instead, learn to understand them. Then Accept, Forgive &amp; Love unconditionally. This is a sure way to be Happy”
“If You can be Glad, but You choose to be Sad..., You Are MAD!!”
“Nature has so much to teach us. This is what true leadership is about, not degrading someone, insulting someone or making them feel unwanted or unwelcome. This happens too often whether it is in our private lives or at the work place. Leadership means keeping the team together and making things flow. Not to slice and dice others because of the stress that comes with the territory.”
“Contemplate the marvel that is existence, and rejoice that you are able to do so.”
“Anybody can laugh in Joy, but the bold ones also smile in pain…knowing that pain is just like a zooming train, that will soon pass by.”
“Be Grateful you are not like a rock that has no Choice. The Sun Shines on it, the Waves Splash at it. You have a Choice to move and to make your Dreams come true.”
“There will be things that will go bad and make you sad. Don't worry. PEP yourself with Positive energy and you will soon be glad.”
“Some of us let this realization guide us... We book trips to Tibet, we learn how to sculpt, we skydive. We try to pretend it's not almost over. But some of us just fill up our gas tanks and top off our Metro cards and do the grocery shopping, because if you only see the path that's right ahead of you, you don't obsess over when the cliff might drop off.”
“Don’t be amongst those trying to build a better Tomorrow. We can have a better tomorrow only if our Today is better than our Yesterday.”
“People often say 'don't waste time', but time just escapes us. Before we know, it is gone. Take charge of your life, by taking charge of your day and moment.”
“Not until something challenges you to rise up, you shall always stay down; not until you realize your enough is enough, you shall always have enough. When you keep exerting your energy, time and attention on things which least invoke your courage to rise up and climb to the distinctive best, you shall always stay at your best with the same energy, time and attention on the less better you because of reluctance, ignorance and fear! The lion that hunts, is always on the move! Awake, challenge and change something!”
“If You... say the same things as everyone else… share the same links as everyone else…post the same quotes as everyone else… and put up the same pictures as everyone else…Why should anyone think you are any different than everyone else?You have your own creativity. You have your own story.Stop trying to tell another person’s story and start engaging people with yours.”
“When we are asked to act, we do so only if we feel at least minimally competent to do what is asked of us. We need to feel that our actions will ultimately be successful. Without some expectation of success, we are unlikely to act at all and will rather resign ourselves to letting fate take its course. We often redirect our thinking from our actual goals to the goal of preserving a sense of our competence. This act of self-protection is essential to maintaining a minimum capacity to act.”
“Here you are. Still standing. Fierce with the reality of love and loss. Wearing the truth of our hearts on your tattered sleeves. And yes, this one very nearly took you out. And yes, there were days when the darkness was heavy and the climb out of that rabbit hole required you to mine your depths for strength you didn’t even know you had.But here you are. Broken open by hope. Cracked wide by loss. Full of longing and grief and the burn of that phoenix fire. Warrior painted with ashes. Embers from the blaze still clinging to your newborn skin, leaving you forever marked with scars of rebirth.And just look at you. Heart broken but still beating. Arms empty but still open. Face raised to the sky and giving thanks for the light, even when it hurts your eyes.My god, you are beautiful.”
“When it came down to it, she decided, she believed in a few important things. In humanity before Dogma. In religion of human kindness. In Poetry. In Sex. In being clear enough to ask for what she wanted, and detaching from ego enough to hear the answer. In the power of yoga. In being embodied. In owning her reality without apology. In embracing it all, the fuck-ups and the bliss. In the absolute necessity of dark chocolate to her continued existence. In the power of a hard swallow of whiskey to make everything clear. That most of the time we all do the very best we can. But most of all, she believed that nothing is fixed and unchanging, Not even the things she believed the most. That belief, it turns out, is the one that felt the most like freedom.”
“I was always taught them when you’re lucky enough to learn something or have some advantage you should share it.”
“Home is not just where we come from, It is where we choose to belong.”
“Some days we need as much quiet courage as we can muster. NOt to risk our lives or our hearts to break paradigms or change the world. But just to wake up and push through the small and aching spaces. To sit down and do the work. To show up in love and fullness. Sometimes, just those things take so much. If this is you today, know that we are in it together. And there’s got to be some power in that.”
“Being a person who pushes himself to his or her own limits in order to become as great as he or she can possibly be means being a person who is constantly faced with some kind of fear. May it be mental or physical, may you be an athlete or a writer, YOU are facing fear, every single day, by doing something your mind or body never did before. But by overcoming that fear you take one step higher on the ladder, and the goal is to take those steps every single day.”
“Teach me how to be loved.Let me show you how to love me well. School me in the workings of your heart, in the language of your bones.Let my open palm memorize the shape of your face. Tell me the stories of your scars so I can trace them with the honor of understanding.Do you see this fault line? It is where I was broken, over and over again, by the ones who came before you. Are you willing to take that in? My wide open eyes? My truth lives there, if you look for it. I have been loved by those who didn’t care to discover all that I am. Will you be the one to see me whole?”
“Stay focused. Not every distraction is a worthy detour.”
“Life is a jungle, and we may not always have a map for it. Sometimes, it is for the bestto get lost and make a house of hope in the middle of nowhere and let the sky and the stars lead you wherever your soul desires.Hope itself is light enough to illuminate the dark paths.”
“The man afflicted by hunger for power or money for its own sake is just that: afflicted. He is tormented by incessant desires for more without cause. He is the most likely to wear a social mask to succeed, and thus he is always unsure of himself and his life, the deep tear inside always causing him to obsess about how to get more, why he doesn't have it already, and whom he will have to please or become in order to get it.”
“Maybe you’re not perfect, but you certainly are not unworthy. You are beautiful. A flower with a petal still unfurled does not lack in fragrance.”
“Never before have you had the chance to build a personal brand like you can today.”
“Trying” is failing with honor.”
“When setting goals, create ‘stretch’ goals. They will assist you in developing your potential to its fullest!”
“Tell me the four people with whom you spend the most time and I will tell you who you are.”
“To see the miracle you must be the miracle.”
“The more I learn about myself, the more I realize it isn't about me.”
“Become a minimalist. Eliminate clutter from your life by living with the 100 things that you wear and use the most.”
“WORDS ARE THE "ACTED-OUT"VIBRATIONS OF OUR SOULS”
“Do you really need permission? Still waiting for that invitation to your life? No one is going to give it to you...only you can do that.”
“That which fundamentally motivates one still dictates the terms of what one thinks and does.”
“Never let life's circumstances define who you are.”
“Life is a jungle, and we may not always have a map for it. Sometimes, it is for the best to get lost and make a house of hope in the middle of nowhere and let the sky and the stars lead you wherever your soul desires.Hope itself is light enough to illuminate the dark paths.”
“Suppose it never stops?" she whispered."The gyptian man didn't say it'd do that. Just that there was going to be a flood.""It feels as if it's going on forever.""There isn't enough water in all the world to do that. Eventually it'll stop and the sun'll come out. Every flood stops in the end and goes down.”
“Being the first to start or leave does not necessarily mean that you will be the first to finish or arrive. Or that you will finish or arrive.”
“Life is full of contradictions, once you stop and start thinking about "contradictions", life is going to knock you out.”
“The most progressive approach to life is to discuss ideas, rather than people.”
“Think! What will you get by doing what you are doing? If the answer is “Nothing”, then why do it?”
“Time teaches patience, and disappointments reflect hidden truths.”
“And you think these collapses are your endBut nebulas collapse to become stars.”
“The key is to monetize your appearances so you don’t fall into the trap of having thousands of followers but no revenue. It’s easy to be famous but broke.”
“Influencers are seen as thought leaders in their niche. They have privileged access to something everyone else wants: peoples attention.”
“Locking in your brand and pairing it with a coherent story is the first step to being a rainmaker.”
“Being a rainmaker will have a direct impact on your bottom line and give you a lot more leverage to help the people you care about most.”
“When you present your brand consistently people come to know what to expect from you and ultimately look to you for insights and leadership in your niche.”
“When it comes to rain making that all followers are equally valuable. Some people have a lot more influence than others.”
“Without a clear recognition of your brand and a focus plan you can miss your mark in the middle of great success.”
“The key is to use all the assets you have in establishing your brand: credentials experience and accomplishments.”
“The More connections you make, the more engagement you elicit, the more value you bring. the more likely it is that your brand will be rewarded.”
“Think big. That’s what making rain is all about.”
“Never before have you had the chance to build a personal brain like you can today.”
“Choosing a narrow brand message gets you in the door.”
“In todays 24/7 media cycles rainmakers are experts were not only visible in the media but who also leverage that media to build revenue, followers and influence”
“Crafting a brain requires reflection strategic thinking and self-awareness.”
“Everyone from firefighters to sushi chefs who are experts in their fields can enter the mainstream conversation taking place on myriad media channels to voice their opinion’s and talk about their expertise.”
“I hope you'll make mistakes. If you make mistakes, it means you're out there doing something. I escaped from school as soon as I could, when the prospect of four more years of enforced learning before I could become the writer I wanted to be, seemed stifling. I got out into the world, I wrote, and I became a better writer the more I wrote, and I wrote some more, and nobody ever seemed to mind that I was making it all up as I went along. They just read what I wrote and they paid me for it or they didn't. The nearest thing I had, was a list I made when I was about 15, of everything I wanted to do. I wanted to write an adult novel, a children's book, a comic, a movie, record an audio-book, write an episode of Doctor Who, and so on. I didn't have a career, I just did the next thing on the list. When you start out in the arts, you have no idea what you're doing. This is great. People who know what they're doing, know the rules, and they know what is possible and what is impossible. You do not, and you should not. The rules on what is possible and impossible in the arts, were made by people who had not tested the bounds of the possible, by going beyond them, and you can. If you don't know it's impossible, it's easier to do, and because nobody's done it before, they haven't made up rules to stop anyone doing that particular thing again. That's much harder than it sounds, and sometimes, in the end, so much easier than you might imagine, because normally, there are things you have to do before you can get to the place you want to be. When you start out, you have to deal with the problems of failure. You need to be thick-skinned. The things I did because I was excited and wanted to see them exist in reality have never let me down, and I've never regretted the time I spent on any of them. If you have an idea of what you want to make, what you were put here to do, then just go and do that, whether you're a musician or a photographer, a fine artist, or a cartoonist, a writer, a dancer, singer, a designer, whatever you do, you have one thing that's unique, you have the ability to make art. For me, for so many of the people I've known, that's been a lifesaver the ultimate lifesaver. It gets you through good times, and it gets you through the other ones. The one thing that you have, that nobody else has, is you! Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw, and build, and play, and dance and live, as only you can. Do what only you can do best, make good art.”
“Don’t be resentful of others’ success, celebrate it. Success is not a limited resource and other people’s success doesn’t have to hinder yours.”
“You aren’t waiting for someone to give you permission to live; you’re waiting to get permission from yourself. It’s okay to live the life you want.”
“As your life evolves, so should your circle.”
“See how the universe works?It takes my hurt and help me find more of myselfIt's a gift and a curse”
“There will always be judgment. There will always be people telling you how to live. It’s your choice to change for other people or to change for yourself.”
“I would tell someone who’s battling cancer to write down the five toten things that you look forward to doing with the rest of your life. In other words, your future should be the focus. For example, ‘I want to see my grandchildren,’ or ‘I want to take that trip.’ You’ve got to find something to look forward to that will give you strength. You want it to draw you like a magnet. If you don’t try to self-motivate yourself through positive thoughts, cancer will win because it’s not easily defeated.”
“In my case, the stats that were being quoted to me were not about me personally. I’m not a stat, I’m a person. I considered myself a ‘stat breaker.”
“Are the people you are listening to experts in selling or experts in their given fields or both?Many can sell their services with a greater expertise than the expertise they have in the services they are selling. Watch out, look out and dig deeper.”
“The suffering of anyone else is the suffering of ourselves. And to understand that as an idea is one thing, but to develop the ability to feel it and believe it is another - and it is dangerous, and it is risky, because that is a lot of suffering to take in. It is a lot of pain to feel. Most of us, including myself, are probably not capable of feeling one tiny fraction of 1% of the world’s suffering. But we must try to go there.”
“If you look for an excuse, you'll always find one.”
“Hoping is a great Positive emotion and you must HOPE. But remember, you can’t just Hope for Success, you also have to work for it”
“You’ve got to have dreams.If you don’t continue tohave dreams, then you’reonly defeating yourself. Ifyou continue to follow your dreams, you’re going to succeed.”
“We are FREE, not bound like a Tree. We can Move, we can Dance... We can take a Chance!”
“People who believe a problem can be solved tend to get busy solving it.”
“The world is as large as I let it be. Each step I take into the unknown reveals a thousand more steps of possibility. Earth may not be growing but my world certainly does with each step I take.”
“Love heals all illness of the soul.”
“You can only do what you believe you can do.”
“My dream is to create this life not consume it.”
“The master is a beginner that never gave up.”
“Do not wait to become a master to begin; begin to become a master.”
“You can’t plan the perfect life, you can only live your best life.”
“Don’t close your heart off to the beauty of the world. Let the light shine over you.”
“Love is the power that can change your entire existence.”
“What should scare you is not knowing what you don’t know. Always be eager to learn for knowledge is power.”
“Let every moment be a chance to ask “Will this action serve me?” Let your actions now benefit your future.”
“What you do now builds your future later.”
“Change doesn’t require leaving your life behind and starting anew. You aren’t required to quit your job, move across the world, sell all your belongings, or start a new extravagant hobby. You can but you don’t have to. Change can be as simple as appreciating the joyful tune of a singing bird, the delicate shape of a soaring snowflake, or the pleasant hope of a sprouting sapling. You can make change as simple or complex as you please.”
“Before you hope other people understand you, you must first make sure you understand you.”
“Time is not meant to be spent; it is meant to be experienced.”
“You walk around your life with a “no” on your lips, ready to spill out the moment an opportunity is revealed. That “no” has rested there so long that you hardly even recognize its presence. The moment you see the possibility your fear kicks in, opens your mouth, and before you know it, you’ve sent out your rejection. Sure, that “no” has helped you on some occasions but on others, it simply hasn’t. When your dreams come around, you push them away. When change is in the air, you hold your breath. When hope is shining bright, you close the curtains. Though you may not have realised it that “no” has been ruling your life; it has been sitting at your side encouraging all your decisions. Maybe it’s time to say yes to your dreams.”
“Keeping the consistency in seeking knowledge and developing the skills towards achieving your goals are the most important steps in making your dreams come into reality.”
“The best memories are the ones you can look back on and say “I tried my best”.”
“With Inspiration, Liberation and Determination, you can reach any Destination.”
“Live your life with wonder-filled eyes.”
“...I learned a valuable lesson about opportunities: even if an experience doesn't seem like it will benefit you, do your best to make sure it does.”
“You never know how close you are to completing your goal. Keep going. Keep trying.”
“Don’t strive to make life easier, strive to make yourself stronger.”
“You are not made from your past. You simply exist in this time and only this time. Enjoy the moment. Experience.”
“You can either watch your life change or you can make your life change.”
“The world is filled with abandoned dreams don’t add to the pile.”
“The greatest skill is the ability to persevere.”
“I was not formed through ease of living. I was created through struggle, made better in the hard times.”
“It is better to create than to wait.”
“There are no limits in life. Anything and everything can be overcome with a mental fortitude.”
“Any judgment you make on a person is a reflection of you, not them.”
“I am simply a complicated girl Mesmerized by mysteryEnchanted with shadowsIntrigued by glitter and gray in each of usA girl fascinated with word-play;Paradoxes, ironies, conundrumsIn love with adventure and curious about the worldA girl who feels and dreams deeplyLoves passionately Lives recklesslyBut about all else, I am a girl insanely in love with you!You are my greatest inspiration!”
“Don’t wait for someone to come along and change your life. Only you have the ability to change yourself.”
“Your top priority should be yourself. If you can’t make yourself a priority, you won’t able to make other people a priority either.”
“To be selfish is to harm others in the pursuit of your own interest. It is not selfish to take care of yourself, to love yourself, to take time to be healthy. Self-care is not selfish it's necessary.”
“The only way to be brave is to act despite fear not in the absence of fear.”
“The power of hope is stronger than any fear.”
“Life is a never-ending process of learning. When you stop learning, you stop improving.”
“We discover the riches of life when we live through the eyes of our heart.”
“The only opinion you should care about it yours. Keep your mind open to new possibilities but do not let other people’s opinions influence your life decisions.”
“The longer you wait to pursue your destiny the less time you have living your dreams.”
“Your pain becomes your strength.”
“When I look into the eyes of my fear, I don’t see an enemy. I see a friend, misguided in their doing but with an intention to protect me. My fear is not my enemy. My fear is my friend. I will honour my fear’s presence and advice but I will follow my heart in action.”
“What if everything that has happened in your life, the good and the bad, has been preparing you for a better life: your mistakes, a lesson; your fear, a challenge; your loss, a reminder to have gratitude. Your life is building up to the best it can be; have patience.”
“Dreams provide the inspiration for all great things in this world.”
“When the internal critic puts you down using such comparisons, here's how it operates:First, it selects a single, arbitrary domain of comparison ( fame, maybe, or power).Then it acts as if that domain is the only one that is relevant. Then it contrasts you unfavorably with someone truly stellar, within that domain.It can take that final step even further, using the unbridgeable gap between you and its target of comparison as evidence for the fundamental injustice of life. That way your motivation to do anything at all can be most effectively undermined.”
“People always create hurdles and will never give you shiny rays... You have your life, So live it in your ways.”
“Someone told me....if it's a dream...wait for it impatiently to be worth it!”
“The greatest mementos are the memories.”
“We have been given this precious human incarnation in which each and every one of us is a candidate for enlightenment.”
“When I found out I had cancer, I decided I was going to enjoy every day I had left. That's what I'm going to do now. I'm going to find something to do each day. Each day that I'm idle means I'm wasting the gift God gave me. Life is too precious to waste a single day.”
“I do want something more. I’m not content to be happy, that’s not what I’m cut out to be, not what fate intended for me. I’m destined to be the very opposite. I had more than my fair share of unhappiness but my unhappiness was stupid, barren... Because if I wanted to die, and I did, I ought not to have been so afraid of death. The unhappiness I’m in need of and longing for is different. It’s of a kind that will make me hunger for suffering and lust for death. That’s the sort of unhappiness, or happiness, I am waiting for.There is nothing wrong with this happiness. On the contrary, I love it, feel grateful for it. It’s as beautiful as a sunny day in a summer of rain. But I sense that it can’t last, so it is barren too, this happiness. It is satisfying, but satisfaction is not the nourishment I need. It’s enough to fill Steppenwolf’s stomach and send him to sleep, but it’s not the kind of happiness to die for.I am very satisfied with my happiness. It’s something I can live with for quite a while yet, but if it occasionally deserts me for an hour or so, allowing me to wake from my sleep and experience a longing for something, what I long for with all my being is not this happiness, not that it should last for ever. Rather, I long to experience suffering again, only more exquisitely, more richly this time. What I yearn for are the kinds of suffering that will make me ready and willing to die.”
“You will not know the purpose of life until you imagine a better one for someone else; You will not know the purpose of money until you work for someone else; You will not know the value of freedom until someone takes it away from you; You will not see until blindness keeps you hurt; You will not understand until ignorance causes you frustration; You will not be religious until you realize how God's laws are independent of His conscience.”
“A lie is not the rape of a truth, but the rape of a dignity”
“Allow yourself the Freedom to Fail before you see Success Sail!”
“Sickness is the motivator for research by those that recognize improved health is just a discovery away.”
“Let time be a motivator to start living your dreams now.”
“When you let fear decide your action, you let fear decide your life.”
“Your wealth is measured by your ability to give not your ability to receive.”
“You can become talented at anything if you are willing to put in the time and effort. If you want results you must put in the effort.”
“When you let go of that which is holding you down you can rise to your highest potential.”
“Don’t let negative thoughts of the past or the future ruin your today.”
“What today is normal was once an outlandish statement of self-expression. Normal never created anything new.”
“If you can’t face your fears, they become your limitations.”
“The only way to overcome a difficulty is to try again.”
“Don’t live your life eventually; live it now.”
“You need to believe to achieve.”
“Inside of you, there is the power to change your world.”
“Your actions create your life. Act with deliberation.”
“Work to be a better version of you, not a better version of someone else.”
“If you look for the bad in your life you will find some, but if you look for the good you will find it everywhere.”
“When you realise your dream, you must stop at nothing to attain it. Live your dream.”
“If you want a different life, you must live differently.”
“At the root of all good is love.”
“If you believe you can’t do it, you are right. Believe in your abilities.”
“If you want it, strive for it.”
“Don't think less of me as a person because of my profession.”
“Do more of what makes your soul happy.”
“Foreigners take advantage of all opportunities to improve and become better in life, They are internally motivated”
“Vision creates motivation.”
“A loss is not a failure but rather a step to eventually succeeding.”
“If you make up your mind to have a good day, you’ll find that you can make it so.”
“Your only duty is to your heart.”
“Don’t let remorse for the past be the bane of your present.”
“You decide and create your own destiny.”
“Life is a blessing. Appreciate it.”
“When you fall, the only solution is to stand back up and keep going. You can stay on the ground, crying over your unfortunate situation, or you can get up and get moving. There is no benefit in mourning over a failure.”
“A better life comes with better ways.”
“Focus on doing more of what works for you, not less of what doesn’t.”
“The hero you are looking for is you.”
“With the new year having just begun, many of us have tried to change our habits, all of them, all at once. The best way to change your habits is to change them one at a time, to start small and gradually work your way up. Choose a habit, whether it be to stop doing something or start doing something, and focus all your time and intention on that habit. If you start trying to split your attention between multiple activities, you will soon find that you lose your motivation, focus, and energy. Small regular actions are far more beneficial than large irregular actions.”
“Live with a childlike wonder and enthusiasm for life.”
“Your limits may appear as brick walls blocking the path to your dreams but if you have the courage to push your limits you will find that they are delicate curtains that move aside at a single touch. Limitations are but false images created in fear and defeated through bravery. Be brave.”
“We spend so much time focusing on what went wrong rather than focusing on what went right. If you want to cultivate a positive life, you must cultivate positive actions.”
“Small actions can lead to big changes.”
“If you expect wonderful things to happen, you’ll find that they will.”
“A goal completed is a goal completed regardless of the time it takes to complete. Do not focus on the time it will take to complete your goals but rather focus on how to complete your goal.”
“You can spend your energy attempting to fix the negative or you can use your energy creating the positive. Focus less on fixing your life and more on enjoying your life.”
“Belief is the starting point for creating all dreams.”
“Be the person that always has your back. When all are against you, don’t join the crowd. Be there for yourself.”
“The greatest struggle you will overcome is the struggle against yourself.”
“Focus on making each day the best day it can be and the rest of your life will follow suit.”
“My life is an accumulation of my reactions to life.”
“Surround yourself with people that inspire and encourage positive change in your life. Build a team in which you can work together to support each other and build better lives.”
“Love is the source of all happiness.”
“Today is a new day. Don’t let thoughts from past regrets ruin your day today.”
“While some search the world for their happiness, others realise it has been inside all along.”
“Be the leader of your life. Dream it, do it, and live it all in your own way.”
“Pursue your dreams, not your problems.”
“Your internal thoughts become your external life.”
“If you can dream it, you can do it.”
“When you accept responsibility for your life, you gain the ability to create the life you want.”
“Inaction will not take you where you want to go, only action will do that.”
“The scariest thing in life is not fear itself but rather the regret of not overcoming fear.”
“Changes begins in you.”
“Dream at the beginning of the day and you won’t regret at the day’s end.”
“A failure only means that you were brave enough to pursue your dreams. Continue being brave. Continue finding your dreams.”
“Dare to be great.”
“When you think of your life think not of the good you can bring to yourself but of the good you can bring to the world.”
“We should be motivated to give our best”
“If you don’t like what you’re seeing, change your direction.”
“Evil is a word used by the ignorant and the weak. The Dark Side is about survival. It's about unleashing your inner power. It glorifies the strength of the individual.”
“Exist in the now. Do not let worry for the future or regret from the past destroy your time here in the present.”
“There may be a struggle in the beginning to find the motivation to continue day after day but if you remember why you started in the first place, you will always have a reason to continue.”
“If today were to define your life would it be the life you want to live? Make the changes you need to live the life you want, today.”
“You are more powerful than your fear.”
“Self-improvement starts with self-love. When you can appreciate your own self, you can realize the value of caring for yourself: your body and mind.”
“The only way to make progress is to start.”
“Focus on effort not perfection.”
“No one is born a master. Each must grow in their own way.”
“Struggle! To struggle is to live, and the fiercer the struggle the intenser the life. Then you will have lived; and a few hours of such life are worth years spent vegetating.”
“Live knowing that your choices today will create your tomorrow.”
“Love yourself enough to take care of yourself. Be healthy, exercise, pamper yourself, treat yourself right.”
“There are always reasons not to start but those reasons only matter if you choose to believe them. If you move beyond the reasons to stay where you are, you can discover the reasons you should begin to move toward your dreams.”
“Beyond your fear, beyond your hesitation, beyond your doubt, your dreams are waiting. They have been waiting all along for you to begin your journey towards them. If you want to reach your dreams, you have to move beyond a place of fear.”
“What exists externally began internally.”
“What you do you become.”
“The best thing you can do is try your best.”
“You decide who you will become.”
“When the goal is one we motivated to achieve we automatically become motivated to change our attitude or outlook.”
“Since there is no way to Live after you die, why not Live Now! #Inspiration #RVM”
“Se repentir, c'est réviser son propre jugement et changer son plan d'action!”
“When someone harasses me, I take a look at the situation and ask the question: What motivated them? When I get the answer I report it to the police.”
“You must be willing to play with Failure before you reach Success.”
“Belief in a friendly Universe is a Good thing to start with”
“Don’t let anyone stop you from living your own life.”
“You can get rich if you were born financially poor, But you can't get rich if you are poor minded.”
“Life is full of opportunities. Every day and every night is an opportunity to create life anew.”
“Don't hate that is the only way you will progress to success. Learn to congratulate and compliment others when they do good, win or succeed.”
“Dreams come true with patience. Take your time.”
“Start doing something, you'll continue.. why? Because motivation doesn't cause action. Action causes motivation.”
“All the energy that you put into your life returns to you. Just as the energy spent on the good will return to you the bad will too. Do not focus on your misfortune. Focus on the good. Focus on your gratitude. Look to be grateful and you will always find something to be grateful for.”
“Embrace your possibilities, not your potential failures. You get what you expect.”
“At dawn, when you have trouble getting out of bed, tell yourself: “I have to go to work — as a human being. What do I have to complain of, if I’m going to do what I was born for — the things I was brought into the world to do? Or is this what I was created for? To huddle under the blankets and stay warm?”
“People say they can do great things, but runners never become runners until they run, and you will never become whatever it is you wish to be, unless you do it by taking that first step.”
“For each improvement of yourself, there is an improvement of your world.”
“The difference between ‘wanting’ something and ‘having’ something is ‘doing’ something.”
“Your true beauty is found in being yourself.”
“I wanted very much to be a person of value and I had to ask myself how this could be possible if there were not something like a soul or like a spirit that is in the life of a person and which could endure any misfortune or disfigurement and yet be no less for it. If one were to be a person of value that value could not be a condition subject to the hazards of fortune. It had to be a quality that could not change. No matter what... I knew that what I was seeking to discover was a thing I'd always known. That all courage was a form of constancy. That it was always himself that the coward abandoned first. After this all other betrayals came easily. I knew that courage came with less struggle for some than for others but I believed that anyone who desired it could have it. That the desire was the thing itself. The thing itself. I could think of nothing else of which that was true.”
“Think of every moment as now or never. If not now, when? When you be ready to start. You can’t build a future with “later”. Take control of your life and live now.”
“All good things start inside your mind. Your thoughts, feelings, and attitudes must be good in order for you to feel good. Change the way you think and you’ll change the way you live.”
“When you can start focusing on the big picture rather than instant gratification you can begin growing the life you have always dreamed of.”
“It’s fine to fall down so long as you keep standing up.”
“Though you have failed before, there is no guarantee that you will fail again. Try, try again because if you stop trying you can never succeed.”
“Make your success a habit not just an act of whim.”
“The comparison of others leads to disappointment. The comparison of self leads to improvement.”
“You can look at your struggles as a life-ruining problem or you can see your struggles as a challenge to make you better.”
“To lovers out there...Women with toys, don't have time for man and don't care about men. Now men are getting their own toy. They won't have time for other women or care about them. In this technological century we leave in were people are being replaced by robots, because people don't want to feel anymore. Were People are trying so hard avoid catching feelings for someone.Be thankful if there is someone out there, who cares on how you feel, who loves you and want to be part of you.”
“The problem is us. We don't look up to people who have made it in life to inspire us. Wanting to know how they made it. Instead, we look down to people who have failed in trying to make it. That we don't want to start or try for ourselves because we don't want to end up like them.”
“Your life is yours, and like anything else that belongs to you, it can bebuilt the way you want. As long as you can imagine your dreams, youcan make them a reality. The power is in your hands. You have all thecards, you just need to play them well.”
“A problem-free life does not exist. If your life has no problems, you are not truly alive, and that’s a Big problem! #Inspiration #Motivation #RVM”
“The path you are on is one you chose for yourself”
“Do what you have to do... before you do what you want to do.”
“It is not how fast or how far, but how often you run that makes you a real runner.”
“If you can’t run fast, run slow. If you can’t run slow, walk. If you can’t walk, crawl. All that matters is that you don’t stop moving.”
“It shouldn’t matter what I say, but rather, how you feel—don’t listen to the words of people. Instead, listen to your heart. It doesn’t lie, and it is speaking just as loudly.”
“Lace up those shoes, breathe deep, and get out there. You’ve got miracles to make happen today.”
“I spend my day in one of three fundamental positions: sitting down, laying down or standing up. And if I’m at all interested in making any progress in life, I might take a moment and consider the fact that two-thirds of these begin and end in the same place.”
“Darkness is not the absence of light. The light will always be there. Darkness only occurs when you move far away from the light.”
“I have an ambition to live 300 years. I will not live 300 years. Maybe I will live one year more. But I have the ambition. Why you will not have ambition? Why? Have the greatest ambition possible. You want to be immortal? Fight to be immortal. Do it. You want to make the most fantastic art or movie? Try. If you fail, is not important. We need to try.”
“There’s no time to discriminate, hate every motherfucker that’s in your way.”
“Live your life like it's your favorite book, and today is your favorite part.”
“Don't let negative energy pull you down and don't let negative people to stop you or your dreams”
“We all have something to give, in different gracious forms.”
“You suffered a lot, I knowYou've been through many things that no one knowsIt made you cryIt made you weakIt made you lay on bed all dayHoping when you wake up it's all gone But despite all of those, you survivedYes it's still there ---But you're fightingKeeping the faithMaking the best out of yourself”
“A bad attitude is like moths, it will eat everything good you have in your life.”
“People who discipline themselves to get up and do things they don’t necessarily love or like doing, but do it regardless to succeed are people who will get the results and the success they are looking for.”
“Sometimes you've got to do things you dislike to get a life you’ll love to have. Sometimes you have to sacrifice joy and comfort in the present to get greater joy and comfort in the future.”
“Beauty begins the moment you choose to see it.”
“Possibility lies in praying.”
“You do not need to commit yourself 24/7 to building your dream. You do need to commit to making every hour you work on your dream to be as effective and productive as possible……So you can have the life you always wanted before, during and after your dream comes to fruition.”
“Motivation begins with the hunger for an end.”
“Upon the time of death, when you leave your body and look back at your memories, it might come as a big surprise to you to see that you have spent an entire lifetime behaving according to what others expected from you, that is, doing what they expected you to do according to your exterior appearance to them, and based on which they formed their entire conclusions regarding who you are. When that moment comes, you will regret wasting an entire lifetime living in total darkness about your true self. That is when you will wish to be reborn again. And then you will forget your regrets and repeat your previous steps. And you will reborn again, and again, and again, until the world you live in, is uplifted enough to help you go through life in a good way. But, ironically, that cannot be achieved until such world becomes what you wish it to be, until others are better than you. And so, it is paradoxically comic to realize that you will never become better than those that surround you, and it is up to you to help them help you.”
“No matter who you are or what you do, life is going to push you around. You just have to make it push you in the right direction.”
“You were born to be a star, all you need to do is keep shining.”
“It is better to turned many souls from sin than to make them stumble in sin.”
“You'll never end up in a museum if you spend your whole life painting fences.”
“Be the architect of your own design.”
“Hope is fuel, not the destination.”
“The world will keep spinning whether you jump on board or not.”
“Staying Entangled With the Webs of Yesterday Will Never Allow You Dream Of A Brighter Tomorrow!”
“It is more valuable to try and fail than to not try at all, and this is something that people do not naturally understand.”
“But, all things considered, it is possible for one man to do something that another man has achieved.”
“Don't be a pawn, when you're meant to be the king.”
“Life is always business as usual, until you do the unusual”
“Praying for greatness without looking out for opportunities is like waiting for an aircraft at a seaport.”
“Have fun, and learn something.”
“Ali ta slabost, i taj strah pred neslućenim teškoćama, ta želja da se legne i umre, da se odustane i primi sudbina, ne smiju sad da me zaustave. Nikakav zamor ni klonulost ne mogu me spriječiti da izvršim obavezu. Moram. Idi naprijed, poslije umri.”
“What a shame that most of the time we use our strengths to be more successful not happier”
“When a person wants something. He/She makes a plan. When a person does not want something. He/She makes excuses.”
“Life is a journeywith big rocks to climb,little ones to trip over,and milestones to markwhere we have been.”
“I feel it in my heart, I see it past my eyes, I hear it coming from my soul, my dreams are there, waiting, for me to reach out and touch them. I need to be brave, I need to grab hold.”
“Don’t think of your struggle as an inconvenience instead think of it as a way to grow.”
“Every detour puts you on the right path for your own success.”
“You create the quality of your life.”
“No one can tell you what you can’t do. You can do whatever you believe you can. Live up to your own expectations, not other peoples.”
“The best place to discover your light is in the darkness.”
“The time you spend dreaming of a better life is the time that could be spent creating a better life.”
“The limitations you set on yourself are the only limitations you have.”
“Every good action, even the smallest of actions, remains in the world forever, echoing in the world for the rest of time.”
“It’s all in your mind. Whatever you need exists inside of you. If you need happiness, look inside. If you need confidence, look inside. If you need motivation, look inside. Look inside yourself for whatever you need.”
“You are as powerful as you believe you are.”
“Overcoming your inferior emotions doesn’t begin with a focus on them. Look beyond the bad and into the good. The only way to live a happy life is to concentrate on what makes it happy, not what makes it unhappy. Focus on the good, it’s the only way to live.”
“The future is only bright if you start lighting candles now.”
“Giving 100% doesn’t mean that every day you will accomplish more than the last, it means you give your best attempt each day. Some days you will struggle, some days will be hard but if you focus solely on doing what you can in each moment, the day will not be lost. Focus on doing what you can when you can.”
“The only person worth competing with is yourself. Work to be a better version of you, not a better version of someone else.”
“Failure is a possibility anywhere so why not live your passion?”
“Every moment of happiness, small or large, reminds me how very beautiful this world truly is.”
“You have to decide if what you want now is worth more than what you want for the future.”
“Start today; your future self will thank you.”
“Thoughts are just thoughts. They exist only in your mind. If you want to transfer thoughts to reality you have to act. You have to pursue your dreams to create them.”
“No bravery is found in acting when you are not scared. Bravery is found in acting in the presence of fear.”
“Every journey starts with a first step.”
“Start now. Make it happen.”
“If there is not an opportunity make one.”
“If you’re not losing you’re not winning. Your losses create your ability to win.”
“A life lived in fear is no life at all.”
“Love is an infinite well from which you can serve.”
“There are only three ingredients to a different life: hope, a dream, and action.”
“If you believe it to be possible, it will be.”
“Worry for the future doesn’t prevent bad from happening later, it prevents good from happening now.”
“To be awake, you must first be aware.”
“The do-somethings will always be judged by the do-nothings...Those who dare are always hated by those who cower.”
“There is nothing to be found in the past if you only look there with regret.”
“There is a purpose for your presence here on Earth. There is a reason for you to be here. You are here to add something to the world that has never been here before. Your existence has never blessed this world before and it will never bless this world again. Find your reason to be here and live that reason. Create what you were meant to create. Dream what you were meant to dream. Live as you were meant to live. Your existence has a reason and your sole purpose in life is to find that reason.”
“Sometimes changing the game is as simple as finding a few people who play by the same rules as you.”
“While you may not be where you want to be yet, you have made it further than you were before. Be proud.”
“Each person’s path is different. Some may be easier or harder, longer or shorter, but each path is different, incomparable to one another. Enjoy your journey, it is yours and only yours.”
“Whether you act toward your dreams or not, there will be a sacrifice. Act towards your dreams or lose them.”
“Everything that exists in the world today started as a dream.”
“To follow your dream is to define your life.”
“If we show compassion to one other, every day will be a Christmas, a glad occasion.”
“No matter where you are you have a choice: stay where you are or get moving.”
“Fear is found in the unknown. The more you learn, the less fear you will have. Never stop learning.”
“Why be average when you can be extraordinary?”
“Small dreams only bring small successes.”
“It may not be easy but it will certainly be worth it.”
“The question we should be asking ourselves is: "Who do I need to become?”
“Dreams give life meaning. Dream on.”
“Usually what people call talent is simply hard work. Talent cannot function without nurturing. Nurturing is hard work. So work hard. Work smartly. Improve your talent”
“Success is a habit, not an action.”
“To be aware is to be awake.”
“You are better than none and you are worse than none. You, as yourself, have your own value.”
“Be proud of what you have achieved don’t worry about what you have yet to achieve.”
“It's not cash that changes the Nation, Courage can definitely do. If you have that courage then you are a leader.”
“The easiest way to grow, is to let Go. Knowing, that someone else is managing the show!”
“The way many aspiring entrepreneurs eat up motivation without information or direction is a root cause of so many failures today. They are ready to spend a fortune to be inspired to do the work, but won't spend a penny on learning what work needs to be done and how to do it.”
“What is the point in starting if not to finish?”
“Dear, Rich Indian,Please pardon me If I hurt your humanity. Don’t dare to think that, people respect you, for the brand you wear? If people respect you, it means they respect you for your individuality not because the brand you wear. So, before showoff, your brand name, just remember the brand from which you born… because at the end of the day... it’s the only thing that matters.”
“Чтобы оставаться по-настоящему живыми, нужно вместо комфорта выбирать смелость — тогда мы не перестанем развиваться, идти в гору и бросать вызов самим себе.”
“Never give up is more important than the success”
“Worst kind of motivation is one where people comfort you by telling about other people who have lost more than you, had pain more than you. How that's supposed to ease out the agony?”
“You cannot sculpt a piece into a Player. A Player must mold himself out of fortitude and conviction.”
“The person who is never wrong is the person you should avoid. Real people have flaws.”
“The seemingly impossible is not the path of the least resistance, but definitely the most rewarding one. Believe that it’s going to happen and tell everyone it’s going happen. Then it will happen. You just need willpower, determination and a smile on your face.”
“This is a beautiful life, waiting to be lived, waiting to be experienced. Your memories are waiting for you to get up and make them. Make memories of your time now.”
“There is nothing holding you back except your perception of your abilities.”
“The Author Promise: Determine what you are going to give the reader, deliver it and never break that promise.”
“Time is always passing whether we use it or not. Choose to use your time.”
“Rejected from a job interview, dumped by your lover, got low marks in exam, losing on every front of life...Don't you think these are most common heartbreaking moments of our life?We keep thinking that we don't have enough happiness in our life, but trust me, happiness is never enough if you keep comparing your downfall with someone's rising.Live free.”
“Jealousy is a serious disease, that reflects who people are when others are achieving great things. It has nothing to say about the person they are hating but has everything to say about who they are. People who injects negativity and expect others to fail so that they can celebrate.”
“If you never let anyone stay near you, you can't blame the world when left alone. Even a heartbreak makes you realize your real worth. Hint, it's much more than what you were settling for.”
“There are strong people and there are people who claim to be strong. Strong people can conquer and survive anything , but people who claim to be strong lose and suffer in everything they do. The reason is people who claim to be strong don’t know that being strong it doesn’t mean you should not accept help or ask for help when needed. For them being strong Is faking doing well, holding pain and not crying and doing everything on their own. You are only strong when you admit your situation and on what’s really happening and find ways to deal with it. Sometimes might mean asking for help.”
“The man without a purpose is neither master of his fate nor the captain of his soul. He is merely a minion, a pawn, and a tool for men and women who know what they want out of life and who are determined to get it.”
“What makes you a champ isn’t found at the starting line or the finish line, but somewhere in between. You’ve got this. Just keep moving forward.”
“Most children don't know freedom, because their life is a never-ending debt to their parents.”
“There is always something Right in something that is Wrong and something Wrong in something that is Right.”
“Bad publicity you get it for free, but good publicity you have to pay for. it”
“When choosing friends, be careful of those who are not willing to rise up to be at your level, but who are trying everything in their power to bring you down to their level.”
“Therein lies the challenge of the game—that men are free to choose, that you cannot always predict what a man will do.”
“Vad spelar det för roll om ingen vet vem man är, när man vet vad man vill?”
“The gospel of Jesus Christ is the Good News of salvation.”
“Sharing pictures of yourself in front of houses you don’t own, standing by cars you don’t drive, and holding money that isn’t yours as you lie that it is, only sets you up for questions you can’t answer and a completely false foundation.”
“It does not count if you believe in yourself when it’s easy to believe in yourself. It does not count if you believe the world can be a better place when the future looks bright. It does not count if you think you’re going to make it when the finish line is right in front of you. It counts when it’s hard to believe in yourself, when it looks like the world’s going to end and you’ve still got a long way to go. That’s when it counts. That’s when it matters the most.”
“Nothing is impossible to those who see potential in their own eyes." ~Janiece Rendon”
“Shoot for the stars, land on the moon? Don't worry. You break the atmosphere either way.”
“Don't forget to be faithful to God.”
“I am nothing more than a girl from the projects born of a single teenage-mother nurtured with love and opportunity”
“Being overweight does not diminish your worth, but it takes a helluva toll on your sense of worth.”
“. . . I had on . . . black jeggings under a fitted, sleeveless, flowered dress, so he could see my true shape as well as my eclectic style, which gave the middle finger to the coldness of winter.”
“Admire the habits and accomplishments of other authors, but not to the extend it depresses or distracts you from accomplishing your own goals.”
“How much you achieve in Life is not as important as how much you enjoy each moment of Life.”
“It is ironic how those so hungry for an honest opinion are so quickly offended by that honesty. If you are not ready to hear the bad with the good, do not ask.”
“The answer to what defines a smear often lies in the motivation behind, and scale of, the response.”
“Excellence must be pursued, it must be wooed with all of one’s might and every bit of effort that we have each day there’s a new encounter, each week is a new challenge. All of the noise and all of the glamour all of the color all of the excitement all of the rings and all of the money. These are the things that linger only in the memory. But the spirit, the will to excel, the will to win, these are the things that endure.”— Vince Lombardi (The winning coach from Super Bowl I and Super Bowl II)”
“The AwakeningYou live this sheltered lifeglass walls around youin a fragile worldof other people’s imaginationand one daysomething comes and shake you—a book, an ideaa person, a song,or an incident—and it awakens you to lifeand what it means to live reallyand so you know howto savethe only life you are capable of saving—your own”
“The reason I am single is that I gave my all to people who are not giving me a chance.”
“Sometimes your fall is not caused by your enemies, but it is caused by your stupid actions, behavior, and bad attitude.”
“I might be fragile like a mirror. You might be the rock.Hit me all you want.But still in the end I’ll be the one shining.”
“Sometimes in life the path gets narrow even as the road get wide and one still gets lostRjS”
“Just because someone emailed you does not make it an invitation to add them to your email list. Show a greater respect to those connected with you to grow greater engaged numbers. And the excuse of 'they can just unsubscribe' is pretty petty &amp; awfully unprofessional.”
“Negative people don't need to be defeated. They defeat themselves with their Negative Attitude. Be POSITIVE always.”
“You must have fun. You must get it done. But don’t just run and run and run. For, life is a journey, not a destination.”
“I choose to mind my own business. In order to improve my life &amp; to be happy, Rather than focusing my energy on judging others on what they do or how they live their lives.”
“Despair is the clothing of the hopeless don't wear them”
“When people failed to be something good in life or to achieve something good. They become savages. Since they cant rise, they decide to bring everyone whose rising down.”
“Sometimes life is like two lost people giving each other directions"RjS”
“To become who you want to become, make decisions that THAT person would make, TODAY.”
“It’s very important to understand why you do the things you do. Your understanding will make you work harder and be passionate, your lack of understanding will make you doubt and to give up on what you are doing.”
“From Greatmess to Greatness”
“Reason guides but a small part of man, and the rest obeys feeling, true or false, and passion, good or bad”
“Most people fail in their desire for change because they lack the personal motivation or inspiration to maintain the discipline necessary to affect change in their lives.”
“They are waiting for you to light up, So that they can blow you off.”
“Before you jump back up on that horse that threw you off, take a minute to figure out why you got tossed in the first place.”
“Those who Crave are sure to take disappointments to their Grave.”
“Criticism is another way of appreciation. So when people criticise you don't get upset, just boost yourself and do better.”
“Life is a choice. We can be truly Happy or miserable or in-between - We decide!”
“Mix in consideration with your determination in the conversations or emails you start or send during solicitation.”
“I am a true pioneer. And I don't let anyone take that away from me. There is nothing wrong with being a person who is among the first to explore or settle a new country or area. And it is precisely that, that I manage to reflect (and pass on) on everything I create.”
“You cannot judge anyone's decision for the sake of your happiness.”
“Autumn is the time of year when Mother Nature says, “Look how easy, how healthy, and how beautiful letting go can be.”
“Your body is the most complete and miraculous piece of gym equipment you’ll ever need.”
“Stop drowning your dreams by jumping into waters that you are unable to swim in.”
“You can’t change the past, and you can’t control the future, but you can sure as hell contribute to the quality of your today.”
“The honor of your presentation, execution, experience, and growth will do much more for you and your career over false claims that have no substance yet.”
“One step at a time. Baby steps are still steps. Crawl if you must, but keep moving forward. You will never be defeated as long as you keep moving.”
“The mind of a man possess is state of being.”
“Even if you own a kingdom, you will be a slave if your life has no liberation and freedom.”
“Sometimes quietly taking the credit can advertise you and your ability in a much louder way than telling everyone that you were the one that did it.”
“Managing to follow through for a day is good. But, managing to follow through every day, for days, weeks and months creates authentic and consistent results.”
“There's a phrase, "sitzfleisch", which means just plain sitting on your ass and getting it done. Just showing up for work. My uncle Raphael was a painter, and he used to say, "If the muse is late for work, start without her". You have to be there. You have to be there, and do it, and grind it out, even when it is grinding and you know you're probably going to rewrite all this tomorrow.”
“I am talking about offering my services to Nahara. Helping them to rise in world power.” -Kai SeraCerin Heliot: “It will be hard to convince them you are capable of this.”Kai: “Will it? I have the blood of the gods, Cerin, and Nahara is a country of religion.”Cerin: “What gives you such drive?”Kai: “Revenge.”
“I was expecting someone to pick me up when I had fallen. I was searching for shoulders to cry when I had tears in my eyes, I was looking for a home when I was homeless, I was looking for warmth when my heart was frozen. But then I failed to find anyone amidst my storms. So, now I'm rising alone, walking alone, wiping my tears alone and now I am into my own self with learned realities.”
“There are points in your life where you find yourself going nowhere reaching nowhere, standing nowhere. You feel yourself a mess occupied in nothing and everything at the same time. You are sleepless and insomniac at the same time. But don't you think that's the point here you will rise from, fix yourself from and climb to heights of shinning brilliance. Everything changes this too will.”
“Believe to behold.”
“Sacred knowledge is the spirit of kindness.”
“Deep breath. Positive thought. Firm resolve. Now go out there and grab that dream with your name already on it.”
“Life is not about how much you are earning, life is about how you are living.”
“This is my year. The year I will matter. The year I will take care of me. The year I will conquer my fears. The year I will feed my soul as well as my pleasures. It’s a year that does not end after 365 days. It will never end because I will never quit trying to be better.”
“Motivation not only requires the fuel of belief and the mindset of achievement but the willingness to move forward. Take the first step, tentatively if you must, but take some action. Thoughts about taking action simply aren't going to cut it.”
“Make it your mission to magnify people's strengths, not to highlight their weaknesses.”
“Choices are in between our palms, as we can decide our own destiny.”
“That McCarthy, he thought, is a damn good shop foreman. He has the knack of needling a man, getting him to put out his best efforts, to do his utmost in spite of himself. He's a natural leader; he almost inspired me, for a moment, there.”
“Weight loss is about learning to let go. Let go of the unhealthy food, the unproductive habits, the worn routines, and even the people that want to hold you down. You weren’t born to stay in one place. You were born to move. So, let go of anyone and anything that wants to stop you.”
“Admire ability, experience, and knowledge over fame or wealth. Just because someone is a celebrity, it doesn’t make them an authority. Fame does not mean someone has experience, expertise or ability. And just because a celebrity or millionaire said it, doesn't make it true.”
“Trust me: if it doesn’t match: it will clash! Focusing on a stunning complimentary color instead of a close-but-not-quite-right one is one of the most helpful contributions you can make to the design.”
“Time is like a river. You can't touch the same water twice, because the flow that has passed will never pass again. It is your decision to waste your time or not.”
“The reason why most of our plans fail it is because when people are giving us a handin what we do. We have our hands in our pockets or folded. 80 % is on you to make things happen. When people help you they help you with 20 %. If you don't have 80 % percent ready. Your dreams, goals or what you are trying to achieve, will fail even thou there are people helping you. Help yourselfwith 80 percent, before people help you with 20 percent to achieve your goals and dreams.”
“The reason why most of our plans fail it is because when people are giving us a hand in what we do. We have our hands in our pockets or folded. 80 % is on you to make things happen. When people help you they help you with 20 %. If you don't have 80 % percent ready. Your dreams, goals or what you are trying to achieve, will fail even thou there are people helping you. Help yourself with 80 percent, before people help you with 20 percent to achieve your goals and dreams.”
“Before you tell people to check you out with hopes that they will write a check to you for your services… Check yourself. Check your references. Check your claims. Allow all those checks to be cashed in truth. Bad results from those bad checks highlighting overdrawn, unsubstantiated and unproven hype will keep you in a negative balance with your reputation and financial situation.”
“Seeing a tree in an acorn and a house in a plank of wood is hope bringing a new tomorrow.”
“A Lion that hunts for survival in the jungle does not envy the one being fed in a zoo”
“Before you speak "THINK"T- Is it "True"?H- Is it "Humble"?I- Is it "Inspirational"?N- Is it "Natural"?K- Is it "Knowledgeable"?”
“My body is a temple. A temple of decay. Yet I shan't give in to the dismay.”
“Everything comes to you in the right moment”
“The reason 99% of all stories written are not bought by editors is very simple. Editors never buy manuscripts that are left on the closet shelf at home.”
“There’s no good that comes from looking on the downside. You’ll slide off the earth unhappy. But if you look on the bright side, you’ll always soar to the sun.”
“Crime has no color. Crime has no type. Crime has no gender. The reason why crime doesn't end. It is being categorized to certain individuals that people who really commit it, get away with it, right under our noses.”
“To lovers out there....Pregnancy is the main reason why most couples are married today. Yet every day they ask themselves why they are not happily married, forgetting love was not the main reason for their marriage.”
“A new heaven is new heart with new spirit.”
“Demanding change and justice is worlds different from devoting time and efforts to making those changes and creating that justice.”
“My mother was like a cat who could never catch the tail of happiness because she never stopped chasing it.”
“Now listen up— you cannot let a fear of failure, or a fear of comparison, or a fear of judgement, stop you from doing what’s going to make you great. You cannot succeed without this risk of failure. You cannot have a voice without the risk of criticism. And you cannot love without the risk of loss. You must go out and you must take these risks.Everything I’m truly proud of in this life has been a terrifying prospect to me — from my first play, to hosting ‘Saturday Night Live’, to getting married, to being a father, to speaking to you today. None of it comes easy. And people will tell you to do what makes you happy, but a lot of these has been hard work, and I’m not always happy.And I don’t think you should do just what makes you happy. I think you should do what makes you great. Do what’s uncomfortable, and scary, and hard but pays off in the long run.Be willing to fail. Let yourselves fail. Fail in a place, in a way you would want to fail. Fail, pick yourself up, and fail again. Because without this struggle, what is your success anyway?”
“Rejected pieces aren’t failure; unwritten pieces are.”
“Unless you’re willing to have a go, fail miserably, and have another go, success won’t happen.”
“it is either you happen to life or life happens to you.”
“It's all about motive. Climbing up and climbing out look the same on the outside.”
“Although life urges to endorse, And yet you still have to strive, There lies within you great force That makes you get up and thrive.”
“Your lack of attention to detail is why no one is paying attention to you.Professionalism, communication and follow through builds real success.”
“Never feel more important that you think you won't ever need other people's help in your life. You will suffer and life will be hard for you.”
“All through high school and college, his judo coach and older teammates would often say to him, "You have the talent and the strength, and you practice enough, but you just don't have the desire." They were probably right. He lacked that drive to win at all costs, which is why he would often make it to the semifinals and the finals but lose the all-important championship match.”
“Flow is a state of being when we are completely focused, and fully immersed in what we are doing. In flow our work seems effortless, creativity goes into overdrive, we feel inspired, and motivation springs forth from within.”
“Without faith, there is no force of will.”
“Dare to live thy dreams.”
“All the drive in the world is worthless if you are driving yourself off a cliff. Match the motivation, determination and drive with education, organization, and implementation to cross the finish line.”
“[…] until we were living hour to hour, minute to minute, and even then, I still believed in my father, who insisted there had to be something—anything—to look forward to.”
“In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.”
“Instead of using energy hating your flaws, channel that energy into motivation. Use any self-hatred as motivation for positive change. Do not use energy simply wishing things were different, make things different. Do not waste energy on things that will never work out.”
“To wait is to seek the sacred ways.”
“It doesn't matter what my eyes have seen, For the better out of the blue comes green.”
“No matter how many times you have failed. Out of all options you have, one of them is giving up. Today just choose to start again, Maybe you were doing the right thing, but the time was not right. That is why you failed”
“When your experience, qualifications, and skills fail you. Let your hope, prayer, and faith carry you through.”
“Be mindful of angels guiding and guarding your path.Walk with them.”
“Confidence is the courage to conquer.”
“The princess needs a prince, while the queen became bored babysitting the king and realized he adds unnecessary stress to her already busy life.”
“By constant self-discipline and self-control you can develop greatness of character.”
“It’s okay if I don’t understand everythingor have it all figured out.I’m not trying to save the world.I’m just trying not to drown in it”
“If you can link something hard to a choice you care about, it makes the task easier, Quintanilla's drill instructors had told him. That's why they asked each other questions starting with "why." Make a chore into a meaningful decision, and self-motivation will emerge.”
“Stand up for yourself. Do not let anyone, including yourself, limit your experience of life. That critical voice in your head that tells you that you aren’t good enough has no power over you until you give it power. Use everyone that tells you that can’t as motivation to keep living your life to your highest potential. Concern yourself only with your own self-improvement.”
“IN LIFE ONE MUST LEARN HOW TO WASH THEIR OWNBACK”
“Choose not to prove how wrong others are, but choose to show them on how to be right”
“Dreams are meant to be pursued, not postponed.”
“Hiding from the monsters only made them stronger.”
“If you are truly concerned about helping people and creating value for them in your business and life. God will take care of you, and the universe will reward you.”
“I'm often called in as a coach and speaker to motivate staff, teams, the public and leaders. The key to this is simple; you cannot truly, deeply and sustainably motivate anybody until you know what their motives are...what motivates them...?”
“You can't truly, deeply and sustainably motivate anybody until you know what their motives are - what motivates them...?”
“Man rarely produces truth unless he finds a way to profit from it”
“What does it mean to be a "real artist"? It means you are spending your time doing the things that matter most to you. It means you don't need someone else's permission to create.”
“Your dreams should not remain only dreams!”
“Let being Happy be a priority. Put Happiness above everything else because it is the true Goal of Life.”
“To lovers out there....If he tells you “ Stop working, stop studying, stop dreaming, stop your goals and stay with me. I will take care of you and will do anything for you.” Don’t agree to it. First, it will be nice but thereafter you will be a burden to him. He will own you &amp; have control over you. You won’t have a say, even when being mistreated, hurt &amp; abused by him. You won’t have anywhere to go. You will be fully depended on him. When he is fed up with you. He will fight with you everything for smaller things, blamed for no reason. You will be trapped to be with him. A good man will support you on your dreams, goals, education, careers, and business. He won’t stop you or take them away or stand in your way. Two salaries are better than one. No matter how much he loves you. If he stops you from doing what makes you happy, what will benefit you, what will make you wiser, stronger, grow and capable . That is not love, but a scam to hurt you and own you as his property.”
“Your life is YOUR life. You can make it or break it, take it, shake it, rake it or just bake it. It's your life.”
“Close your mouthand open your mind.Lose your selfand find your soul.”
“Be, be.”
“We come to God, because He first choose to draw us closer to Himself.”
“You only taste the blood of your soulby cracking openand reaching into the abyss.”
“Instead of worrying, forget about your troubles. If some worries come true, you will have the Courage and Strength to face them. Promise yourself never to worry and Life will be Fun.”
“She’s her own empire, with or without you.”
“Defeat is a temporal down fall.”
“There is no security in life. Our safety is in the Sovereign Lord.”
“He wasn't like a moth attracted to her flame.No, he was like a vampire,in love with her eternal darkness.”
“She was the storm,could be found by the sea,sometimes lost in the tides.He was the calm,gently embracing her currents,guiding her back to shore.She, secure in his infinite love.”
“She has a quiet voice and a loud mind.Her eyes reflect an internal shine,her heart’s divine”
“We have only minimal control over the rewards for our work and effort - other people’s validation, recognition, rewards. It’s far better when doing the work itself is sufficient. When fulfilling our own internal standards is what fills us with pride and self-respect. The less attached we are to the outcomes, the better. Our ego wants recognition &amp; compensation. We have expectations. Let the effort, not the results be enough. Maybe your parents/kids/partner/etc won’t be impressed. We can’t let THAT be what motivates us. We can change the definition of success to: ‘peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to do your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.’ With this definition we decide not to let externals determine if something is worth doing. It’s on us.”
“Promise me you’ll stayand I promise to haunt youin the most heavenly way,with dark devotionand deep emotion.”
“I’m always playing devil’s advocate in my head,which gets so damn exhausting,but the devil…she just won’t shut up.”
“Never ask a writerwhat they are writingwhile they are writing,unless you’re preparedfor sharp teeth, fangsand blood on your lap.”
“Sometimes,the only things in this world that make sense are the moon, my madness and your hands messing up my hair, while your teeth sink into my soul.”
“You drive me crazy, but you keep me sane.”
“Where there’s madness, there’s genius.Where there is genius, there’s creativity.We all have it somewhere within us;that hint of madness,spark of genius,untapped creativity.”
“I don’t fear the madness that springs forth,occasionally devouring me.I’m ready to cut the crazy wide openand explore it more vigorously.”
“As I lay like a corpse in this dreamy insomniac dimension,I spit quotes out of thin airand pluck strands from my red hair.”
“She appears quiet and subdued.The paradox: Raging storms twirl inside her.”
“Those eyes startled meI swear they saw straightto the core of my fractured,hungry, wild soul.”
“Greedy lovely beastwho consumed my heart,devoured my soul,and left me with a madness;a wicked devil’s tongue.Now I write you in my 2 a.m. poems,and savor every fleshly word.”
“Beware,the moon is ablaze tonight.no telling what kind ofinsanity she’ll ignite.Listen to the wolves howl.Oh my, her highness is on the prowl.”
“Danger does not intimidate me.What frightens me most is feeling dead,while having a pulse.”
“She may seem closed off,guard up,Wall of China around her,but reallyshe wants you to liberate the guard,shatter the wall,and unravel her madly.”
“We are not who we come from. We are who we allow ourselves to become.”
“Do not blame my heart’s appetitefor how it chooses to feast,for my heart is a wild lover,an all-consuming beast.”
“Because all it takes are a string of “some days” that she chooses to keep fighting, “some days” where she’s not defeated by discouragement, “some days” when she silences the voices in her head telling her that she wasn’t meant for this. Some days she feels comforted in the fact that someday, this will all feel okay.”
“Don't wait for the right time to start something... Start NOW!!! Don't wait for someone to teach you something... Learn YOURSELF!!! If you want something... genuinely... Put your heart in it and TRY ONCE!!! You may fail... But you'll be satisfied that you tried your best for it!! Be Passionate... Be Dedicated... Conquer your Dreams!!!”
“I’ll never become the person you want me to be, but I might become the person that I want to be.”
“She just needs someone to remind her of all the things she already knows about herself.”
“Be with someonewho willingly runsin the storm with you,not someone who cowers awaybecause of turbulent winds.”
“External events beyond your control;Refuse to give them power - let them go.”
“Your brokenness will strengthen you.Every fiber of you!It doesn’t seem so,especially in the currents of being ripped apart,but in the mending,we are made more durable, stronger.”
“Be so filled with inner glorious moonlight to forbid bullshit and drama sneaking in the back door. Keep the poison out,and the love and star glitter flowing in.”
“Be gentle with yourself while healing.And be prepared for great strength.”
“If you aren’t aware, there is a lioness living inside you. Maybe it’s time you get acquainted.”
“She chose messy, she chose wild. She chose life on her own terms.”
“When you are truly happy you will realise that there is nothing to prove to people.”
“There is a great Hindu story about a lady who wanted to meet the god Krishna. So she went into the forest, closed her eyes, and prayed and meditated on making the god appear and lo and behold, Krishna tapped the lady on the shoulder, she, without opening her eyes, told him to get lost because she was busy meditating on a very important goal. When we get so wrapped up in our heads, we miss out on what's available to us right now in the moment.”
“Learning, empowering, studying, practicing, and not repeating the same mistakes will help you move forward, move up, and move on to where you want to be.”
“Never underestimate a determined woman!”
“If you are saying the same thing as everyone else, then why would and why should anyone think you are different from everyone else?”
“Don't try to figure out the whole race. Just figure out where to put your foot for the starting line. Just start.”
“When you are trying so hard to trend or to be relevant. You end up losing yourself. Please Lord keep me grounded so that I dont get confused by fame and by people calling my name. Let me not lead them astray or out of your ways and teachings. Let me not be boostful, selfish and arrogant.”
“Don't worry about what others think of you. It doesn't matter as long as you have your own Convictions and are proud of what you do.”
“The light overcome the darkness.”
“A highly paid, highly motivated employee who is not allowed to work with his full potential is like a Ferrari which is not allowed out of the garage.”
“A good person. Not a bad resolution to make, in dark times.”
“You’re human. You can’t be a “motivational speaker” every damn day of your life. It’s okay to have dark days. Allow yourself to go there, then come back up with a gusto, like you always do. You’re an angel, but you’re also human. Don’t beat yourself up for being authentic.”
“What is Fulfillment? Fulfillment is being Blissfully Content...with Pleasure and Peace...with Calmness and Courage...with Joy and Love.”
“You cannot win at that which you never start.”
“Most people talk, but say nothing. That’s ok because nobody is listening anyway. Let today be the day you stop with words and take ACTION! Shut-up and say something with your behavior... Dream. Plan. Act.”
“Either be a good parent to your career or just give your dream up for adoption.”
“Be supportive to you partner. Be there for them.Listen to them and show you care. Humans fall in love with someone who listens and care, over someone who is beautiful and rich and that's how you lose your lover to others. It is because those people show interest ,they listen and care what you partner is saying or what she or he is going through. Beauty and money will get you relationship , but not love. Listening, caring and being there will get you Love.”
“Beauty and Money will get you a relationship , but not love. Listening, caring and being there will get you Love.”
“Producers problems is in need of vocalist and Vocalist problems is in need of a Studio.”
“You may not be able to change people’s Actions, but you can choose your own Reactions. Always react Positively and be Happy!”
“It’s sad that most of our real life problems that affect us daily, don't make it as breaking news on facebook. They are not trending on twitter or not glamorous enough for instagram and those problems are the ones that take away our happiness. The problems that other people don't know about. The ones we fight alone everyday and every night.”
“A great deal of success in life depends on the relationship you have with yourself, your partner and your money.”
“Desperation is the best innovator”
“If you don't get a kick out of the job you are doing, you better kick it and look for another one. Love what you do or just don’t do it.”
“Turn your self-hell into self-help.”
“Your Employees is Part of Your Company,If you want to improve your business Treat like friend not like servant.”
“Set a goal. Say it out loud. Let it scare you. Let it change you. Let it excite you. And then, let it motivate you. Until one day, you’ll say it out loud and it’ll be a reality. A product of your hustle, of your persistence. The product of a dreamer who was brave enough to leap.”
“Don’t forget that the pain is temporary. So feel it. Let it have its moment, and then dismiss it. Because you’re not meant to live in it forever.”
“You have the power to overcome. You have the power to persist. You have the power to be hurting and scared and broken while still courageously pressing onward.”
“No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become "Successful".”
“Only Light can drive away the shadows, Darkness can never be diminished by more darkness.”
“Love Me Even More when I Seem Least Deserving... For That is the Very Moment That I Am Most in Need of Your Love.”
“True Forgiveness has been accomplished when you find yourself Thankful for the experience.”
“If I could tell the world just one thing... We are ALL OK, not to worry because worry is wasteful and useless anyway. We must not be made useless, must not worship the idol of despair... We must gather ourselves in faith for it is Light that the darkness does most fear. We are Eternal and NEVER broken. We must fall upon our knees in prayer, that We might be God's Hands... We are ALL OK.”
“Moderation in all good things of this mortal world, however there must be no Spiritual moderation... Devotion to our lovingFather in Heaven must never be of moderation.”
“I never speak from a place of perfection, for I have mastered no Spiritual matter, or worldly either, I speak only because I am seeking with all my Soul to consistently improve and progress, to be a bit more worthy this second than I was the last, And only desire to share my travels and ponderings, for as I share, even more is learned. Please take none of my words as judgement, for I am and never have been in a position to judge. Still a reminder... I have mastered none, I am still learning...It's good to have goals.”
“When it all comes together, it is oddly beautiful and it makes sense.”
“Sometimes, beyond all else, should be a true passion and investment in driving the result and a lack of fear associated with making it happen.”
“Calling for change and being part of making change are two very different things. Stop calling for change and be a part of making the change you want to see.”
“The inner child never wants to hurt anyone; your inner child always comes from a place of love.”
“Are you joining a conversation or taking it over? Stay aware of how you join a conversation and of your effect on a conversation.”
“Motivation doesn't work, Your decisions do!”
“If you go with the flow, life will take you where it pleases, good or bad. If you take charge and fight, you can go anywhere that you please.”
“It’s not about the amount of time you put in, it is the way you spend the time on the work you need to get done. Saying that you worked ten hours on something that went nowhere is not really anything to brag about.”
“You can do it. That thing you just thought of, you can do it.”
“When we’re all living in the space of the inner child, loving, honoring, respecting, and embracing its desires, we are at peace.”
“One can only wonder what the motivation is for Mauna Kea astronomers to subject their nighttime support staff to extremely long and fatiguing night shifts when they are easily avoidable.”
“By Sharing you don't become Poor . . . you become Rich. For the more you Share, the more shall you Receive.”
“Whoever find the goodness of grace, departs from wicked acts of evil.”
“Fight everyday for a better life.”
“If you were stranded in the ocean in a small boat with a paddle, I’d tell you to pray to God, but row for the shore!”
“PRACTICE MAKES THE HARD THINGS EASY”
“To ParentsTeach your child what they should know if not, their friends will teach them with wrong information.They will suffer the consequences of not knowing which results to hard life, suffering and being bad people with no morlas in life.”
“People are fighting so hard for attention and recognition, rather than fighting for their goals and dreams. They get attention they ask for, but their dreams are not known nor lived.”
“Sometimes witchraft is when the heart is full of hate that it consumes your mind not appreciate good things that are done by other people.”
“Don't be fooled. It's good to be rich and to have money, but know that money is not everything the way people hyped it. People who claim to have more money or rich can't still can't afford what they want, nomatter how much they have. Things like love, friendship , happiness, peaceful mind, inner peace and whatever they so desire to have.”
“If your beliefs are not useful to you, or they are not bringing you peace and abundance, update them!”
“There is something vibrantly beautiful, a glow, that radiates from someone who is actively moving towards their goals and dreams. I’m not sure what it is, but I know I love it, I’m attracted to it, and I surround myself with people who have it. The courageous few who dare to radiate this life essence... those are my people.”
“Ordinary people never win.”
“I know there are days when even one single positive thought feels like too much effort, but you must develop an unconditional love for life. You must never lose your childish curiosity for the possibilities in every single day. Who you can be, what you can see, what you can feel and where it can lead you. Be in love with your life, everything about it. The sadness and the joys, the struggles and the lessons, your flaws and strengths, what you lose and what you gain.”
“I'm grateful for the dark shadow that is constantly following me... It reminds me always of the Loving Light that shines upon my face.”
“An abundance of thinking leads to me, me, me.An abundance of Thanking leads to YOU, YOU, YOU!”
“Gratefulness is feeling the Love of God in everything He has given us - God has given us everything. Each breath ever drawn was a gift of His Love.”
“A message from God... If You Accept It... I Would Give You the Glorious Gift of Seeing Yourself Exactly as I see You... And I See You as Perfection and of Immeasurable Importance.”
“Gratitude is a Short-Cut which Speeds the Journey to Love :-)”
“As I count my blessings, I feel God's Loving Hands touching each of them.”
“If You Accept It... I Would Give You the Glorious Gift of Seeing Yourself As I See You.”
“If Gratitude were a tree in a Bountiful orchard...Grace would be it's Seed bearing fruit.”
“I'm Thankful in the knowledge that EVERY moment of this Life has happened For Me...Not one moment has happened TO me.”
“Faith in God's Loving Kindness has truly been attained when both gain and loss bring the same degree of Gratitude.”
“Once I began taking inventory of ALL I was Grateful for, the warehouse I had packed with notebooks listing all I lacked became obsolete.”
“Upon waking this morning… What if all that remained were the people and things for which I had expressed Gratitude the day before? I shudder to think of all that would found to be missing.”
“Through sincere Thankfulness, the incredibly difficult struggles of my yesterday, have been transformed into the“Good ol’ Days” upon which I can now Peacefully reflect .”
“When carefully examined… I recognize that the Greatest things that have ever occurred in my Life could not have happened if not built upon ruins of the most difficult things that had occurred in my life. And in this recognition I find myself fully Grateful for the totality of my existence.”
“A most amazing defense with Power to destroy any enemy… GRATITUDE!”
“If you can’t trust yourself, love yourself and believe in your dreams, it makes it hard for anyone else to trust, love or believe in you.”
“No one ever changed the world waking up at noon.”
“Branding is fascinating. Creating a brand that is authentic and timeless is what entrepreneurs dream of. Dare to be different, dare to dream.”
“The more open we are, the more we can learn. The more we learn, the more we recognize that every one of us is a hero”
“You are given weaknessesso you can learn to become stronger.”
“Unleash you masterpiece genius and let your authentic self be free.”
“It is hard to overestimate the power of these motivators—the feelings of accomplishment and of learning, of being a key player on a team that is achieving something meaningful.”
“These are what Herzberg’s research calls motivators. Motivation factors include challenging work, recognition, responsibility, and personal growth.”
“The day you start trusting the people who think you are right, more than the people who are actually right, you are on your way down.”
“We should always remember that beyond a certain point, hygiene factors such as money, status, compensation, and job security are much more a by-product of being happy with a job rather than the cause of it.”
“Another method of handling a perceived negative energy is to temporarily remove yourself emotionally and physically, from the situation.”
“The Internet is a funny place, because it’s a forum for so many awful ideas, body shaming, bullying, and the like. The negative side of social media is that everybody thinks they’re experts with the right to weigh in on.Yet, at the same time, the Internet is a place where women can find solidarity, no matter who or where they are.”
“You know how powerful it can be when you discover that you can do something you never thought you could? It changes everything… and gets you thinking about what else you can do that you weren’t aware of.”
“Don’t let the present pass in sorrow, hoping that the future will be full of Joy.”
“Don't think for second you are not a badass warrior. That's precisely your problem, you don't realize how amazingly brilliant and super kickass you are. Your potential is only limited by your mind.”
“Only a person who is motivated in the inner depths of his being will help without hesitation and with no obligation for the one helped.”
“I'm the girl that goes backwards, takes wrong turns, stumbles in the dark. I'm also the girl that finds gold where others feared to stray. Perhaps because I follow my heart instead of sage advice thrown my way. I don't want to become numb by always playing it safe. Many of our most cherished times happen when we shatter the damn box, step off the safety zone and listen to the sound of our soul.”
“Poor motivation and alertness cause complacency”
“Trying is for everyday, but success has it own time and date. That is why success is no different than a fish. The only way you catch it, is never stop fishing. The more you fish the better your chances. The more you try the better your chances of succeeding.”
“Sometimes crisis triggers the genius within”
“Your looks will introduce you, but your character and personality will make them to like you,love you and they would want to keep you.”
“Why people suffer thou the is government. It is because everyone fight into power to take care of themselves than to serve the people in need.”
“If you get stuck, get up, and go ahead.”
“Think of what you desire out of life.”
“Only the truth shall free us.”
“To travel is to see the world as it is.”
“Love is a universal language.”
“Travel is the dream of travelers.”
“A crack on the road does not terminate the journey”
“ONE ACT OF KINDNESS MIGHT BE THAT GAME CHANGER FOR YOUR DESTINY AND GENERATIONS.”
“Some poeple take God and want to apply privacy settings on him to make him private to them like their social media accounts. What they don't understand is that God is public and God is for everyone.”
“When you are there for people who dont need you. They make fun of you and make you a fool.”
“Nothing gets easy. It is just that you understand how it is and how it works. Nothing its difficult its just that you dont understand it and dont know how it works. Understanding something it means taking time to learn it and practising it.”
“Talent &amp; Skills are useless &amp; won’t get you anywhere, without lot of practice, commitment &amp; prioritization”
“Filling up your soul with the depths of your own thoughts, that's just extraordinarily progressive.”
“Talent &amp; skills are useless &amp; won't get you anywhere, without lot of practise, commitment &amp; prioritization.”
“If you want to make people angry. Be Happy. It's sad that people cant stand when others are happy inlife. It really says a lot about them.”
“When we overlook the errors of people we like and favour. We are crippling the society, because others look up to them and are copying from them. They will copy also their errors. One day we will be complaining why things are like this.”
“Once you being defensive in your answer. Just know there is the truth in the question you have been asked, or there is truth in what they are saying to you.”
“They say the mind can move mountains, I think it can move the whole god damn universe. Or else how have we travelled to other planets?”
“A simple way to be grateful is to close your eyes for a minute and think of those who never got a chance to open them.”
“When you get more middle fingers than thumbs up, it's a progress.”
“There are those times when you need to push negative people aside, give fear a swift kick in the ass and fire up your dreams.”
“A bad dream can ruin your night, but a dream not chased can ruin your life.”
“Your crown has been bought and paid for. Put it on your head and wear it.”
“Speak Life:You are loved.You have purpose.You are a masterpiece.You are wonderfully made.God has a great plan for you.”
“I am the sea and nobody owns me.”
“You have travel too far to quit, may the grace of faith, keep you going in the forward motion to reach the ultimate goal.”
“Stand for something. Make your life mean something. Start where you are with what you have. You are enough.”
“All the things that are worth doing, take time.”
“Life lessons.... You have faced me head on and still I was reluctant to learn, I looked sideways anyway but in your eyes. I refused to see , ignored the lessons .. all too much. Guess what? Now I have no choice but to open my eyes. My very survival depends on it. I have to learn to depend on me. Finally it has clicked . I am my own knight in shining armour. ' Standing up for me!”
“Never justify someones wrong action, without them apologizing first &amp; admitting their wrongs. If you do. You are not making them better, but you are making them worse on the bad things they do.”
“Photographers don't take pictures. They create images.”
“What doesn't kill me provides writing material.”
“I gave up many times but I never quit.”
“The only shame is the sin.”
“To loveres our theree...Sometimes we get carried away with the fights we are having. With the mistakes and problems we have in a relationship. That we forget to show each other and tell each other, how much we love each other. We concentrate on the bad things and forget what do we mean to each other and what brought us together. We forget to show appreciation and that we care for one another.”
“If you concentrate on small, manageable steps you can cross unimaginable distances.”
“We do many things carelessly or unwillingly, but nothing studiously unless we are willing and apply ourselves.”
“Wise people problems, becomes everyone's solution. Foolish people solutions becomes everyone's problem.”
“Don’t just GO through life, GROW through it. For Life comes to you only once . . . never to return! Climb the Ladder of Life, step by step.”
“Have your own convictions. Believe in the laws of your conscience because if you believe in everything, you become nothing.”
“Being a real man is less about appearing strong and more about having the courage to influence a change in everyone around you.”
“Thinking small is not humility.”
“Enjoy the Bliss of just Being… Without being dependent on anything!”
“Stay motivated.”
“Make no attachment, so you can flow freely.”
“Women have been trained in our culture and society to ask for what we want instead of taking what we want. We've been really indoctrinated with this culture of permission. But that time has passed.”
“Those who take Risks overcome their Fears and Tears over the Years.”
“In suffering a man must search for his Maker.”
“I am the Richest man on earth because I am the Happiest man on earth. After all, isn’t Happiness the Greatest Wealth in Life?”
“Don't make any decision to impress people. They would act like they are impressed to find they are not.They act like they care to find they dont care. They act like they love you and are happy for you to find they are not. Do what makes you happy and let them act the whole time. Knowing you are truly happy by being their director the way you live your life.”
“God is the giver of life.”
“Every good deed is a glory to God.”
“The 7 Steps to Transformation:1. Dream it.2. Envision it.3. Think it.4. Grow it.5. Become it.6. Live it.7. OWN it.”
“When you fall short of your goals and dreams ask yourself is it your mindset, perspective, expectations, effort, approach, acceptance, company or a blend of these that needs to change.”
“Children are no longer being parented, but are raised. Thats why they don't have morals, ethics,humanity and manners, because their parents neglected them. We now live in a society that doesnt care about right or wrong.”
“When people support you when you have done something wrong. It doesnt mean you are right, but it means those people are promoting their hate , bad behavior or living their bad lives through you.”
“If you do not believe in yourself, Ewan, then you will surely not succeed. Pity in ones own downfalls without the sight to rejoice in your strengths is truly the road to ruin. But if you do decide to pat your own back a little more often, then you will find that you are not the only one who believes it a worthwhile exercise. And there will always be those there to do it for you in times when you may not quite be able to reach.”
“The old disease, thought Rubashov. Revolutionaries should not think through other people's minds. Or, perhaps they should? Or even ought to? How can one change the world if one identifies oneself with everybody? How else can one change it? He who understands and forgives -- where would he find a motive to act? Where would he not?”
“If you can't write a book, write a chapter. If you can't do that, write a page, a sentence or a word. For it is from a single word that books are made.”
“There is no " i " in team. But there are two in motivation. ”
“Even the worst days have an ending, and the best days have a beginning.”
“In every possibility of a mind May you travel, yet not blind. As a head filled with imagination, Goes a heart full of gold creation, It's never late to have a dream. Nor is it so far away as it seems, And, like a rearview mirror reveals, Thus a fantasy soon becomes real. It may be closer than it appears. Or at least it will show up clear. Never give up a dream for fear!”
“Some women think being arrogant, selfish, bitter and looking down on others are qualities of being an Independent, strong, powerful and successful business women. No matter how high you are in life. Never look down on others and never forget humanity.”
“I dont celebrate any friendship that was build on hate, because we share the common enemy.”
“What are you seeking? Spiritual Health or Monetary Wealth? While the latter will dissolve, the former will make you evolve!”
“It's good to start over. It will be scary but you will see what you're really made of; it's the best opportunity to achieve what you never thought you could.”
“There is an economy in your mindThere is an economy in your mind!”
“Planting and harvest don't happen in the same season”
“Don't spend the rest of your lives chasing your own desires, but be anxious to do the will of God.”
“If we desire God, we shall seek His Kingdom.”
“The champion wins first, then walks into the arena. Everybody else walks into the arena and then tries to figure out what to do.”
“When prayer replace work then poverty takes over”
“It's not about grades, or saaviness, or sex appeal. It's all about grit. The strength of your character is the strength of your character determines your success more than anything else.”
“Instantly, I was overwhelmed with gratitude. I didn't know exactly what I was feeling, but my buddy JD - my best man, whom I had met at Northwestern - has seen his dad go through (and beat) esophageal cancer and explained it to me thusly: "When you have cancer, it's like you're at the bottom of a hole, and you just want to get out. Only it's too big for you to just climb out easily. But every good thing that happens - no matter how small - is like a rock in the side of the hole. You climb up, grabbing one little rock at a time. Had a good doctor's appointment? That's a rock. Feeling a little better today? That's a rock, too. Before you know it, you've climbed out of that hole, one little rock at a time. You just need to find the rocks.”
“Good advice for anyone wanting to make an impact with a product, a service or even a message is to differentiate yourself.”
“The desire of most people on earth is to make money and money seems to be the greatest motivation in life for a lot of people.”
“Don’t just be who you are and what you are. Move, evolve, change, grow and become better each day.”
“Being a dumb is better than being a dummy”
“Tanacity is the dance within the art of opportunity”
“If you have influence on other people. Dont be influenced by their hate, money, jealousy, anger and popularity .”
“Once you say that you are perfect, it actually means you are dead, because you are killing the opportunity to improve and grow.”
“Once I realize that the tune I’m whistling in my head is the theme that’s driving my heart, I suddenly realize that the most important question I can ask is, “What are the lyrics?”
“I’m in awe of the people who manage their difficult lives with little complaint, those who have suffered more than their fair share of pain, and understand things could have been much worse, those who take the time to be grateful for the important things, and who never give up on themselves or their lives. It's no easy feat to stay optimistic when life has shown you too much darkness, yet our world is filled with these steady, strong, resilient warriors of the light. From them, we have so much to learn.”
“I believe there are only three businesses: my business, other people's business, and God's business.”
“Nothing moves unless you are determined to push”
“It takes heart to battle great challenges, great faith to be victorious over them.”
“You may not have connections, or an education, or wealth, but with enough passion and sweat, you can make anything happen.”
“my beautiful friend,even on your darkest day i have benefited from the warmth of your light. and i know i’m not the only one. even when you are not consciously giving, you are still giving so much. with your openness, your kindness, your understanding. see yourself through my eyes, for just a moment. feel yourself through my heart.Allow me the honor of reflecting back to you the love you have shown me, time and again, when it was only real love, and real friendship that could have pulled me from the pain. let me take some of your pain now. I am here. I am yours. You are mine, my friend. I am grateful.”
“I believe I will not not die a minute too early or a minute too late, but exactly when I am supposed to.”
“you get to a point when you just don’t want to be pushed anymore. pushed to pretend you’re okay with condescending behavior and disrespectful attitudes. pushed to ignore the determined yearnings of your clearest truth. pushed to engage in conversations and situations that in no way serve your state of peace. pushed to act a bogus part and clap for those who are acting theirs. pushed to be quiet and to stay small. pushed to exist rather than live. you get to a point when it’s all too much, too exhausting, too false. something must change. then you realize that the changes you crave have always been within your power to create. you realize that no one has the might to push you into anything when you are unwilling to be pushed. you realize that you, more effectively than any outside influence, have been your biggest pusher all along. so you stop—pushing and pretending and acting and shrinking. you stop it all, because you can. and you don’t waste too much time regretting that you didn’t do it sooner. you’re suddenly much too busy living your life for such silly regrets.”
“Sooner or later you will meet the person you are busy becoming and you'll either be celebrating or regretting base on the choices you making today.”
“She felt likee doing her part to change the world, so she started by giving thanks for all the blessings of her life, rather than bemoaning all that was missing from it. Then she complimented her reflection in the mirror, instead of criticizing it as she usually did. Next she walked into her neighborhood and offered her smile to everyone she passed, whether or not they offered theirs to her. Each day she did these things, and soon they became habit. Each day she lived with more gratitude, more acceptance, more kindnesss. And sure enough, the world around her began to change. Because she had decided so, she was single-handedly doing her part to change it”
“You get a medal for being tough.”
“Sometimes my mind goes dark, and every single part of my life goes dark with it. Any happiness I thought I knew gets replaced by a sadness so big it must be for the whole world. I convince myself that I have nothing to offer, and that nobody has anything to offer me, either. I commit to hopelessness. In these dark moments I remind myself, ( because I’d be too lost without the reminder) that what I'm feeling isn't the full truth of the world, not by miles, and that though I can't see it, nothing is as dire as the nightmare my mind conjures, and that i, and the world, will be okay. In time, with hope. Slowly I come out of the darkness again. I reject my mind's devotion to misery and fear, and reroute myself on a path of acceptance and love. I focus on the beauty in our world, and in myself, and I remember that we are family, all of us, and we each matter. We each shine. Certainly.”
“If you’ve given your all, and it's still not working, it's likely time to move on.”
“there are no quick fixes. If we want our lives to change, we have to do the work.”
“You have the power to change your life, if you want to. By the words you speak, the actions you take, the thoughts you give weight to. Your choices make all the difference. Your dedication alone will set you on a new path. Are you committed to making a better life for yourself? We make it a priority to discover your happiness? Can you let the past go to create space for the present? Your life will only change if you're willing to make changes, when you consider your peace and well-being and begin to make choices that serve them. One choice at the time. Though growthh is happening every moment, change rarely happens overnight. But it will happen eventually, if you stay committed. And why wouldn't you? This is your one very precious life were talking about.”
“Become more committed to seeing what's right about you than you are to seeing what's wrong, and soon you'll start to feel a lot different about yourself.”
“No effort is every wasted.”
“Share your gifts. Learn from the gifts of others.Stay open to whichever role — teacher and/or student — life is calling on you to play. And bring as much acceptance and love to each performance.When we walk through life as only a teacher, we miss out on learning from the world around us.When we walk through life as only a student, we miss out on sharing our unique vision of the world.”
“If you really want to dominate the competition and make big bucks, you’ve got to be the best. Do that, be that, and no one will be able to touch you. With one exception. Someone with less passion and talent and poorer content can totally beat you if they’re willing to work longer and harder than you are. Hustle is it.”
“Motivation is like quicksand. if you stand still for too long you will sink. When you start working towards your goal the start always hard until you aren't sinking anymore.”
“When some things don’t work out, other things do.Some of life’s most memorable and fun experiences happen precisely because things don’t go as planned.”
“Our government says people must not take law in their own hands, But has given the law in the hands of people who in power. That is why people who are in power are always corrupt, arrogant, violent, Aggressive, selfish, and don't care about anyone. They get away with all the bad things they do that Is criminating unlawful and injustice”
“To all my enemies, I will destroy it.”
“Every war is not worth fighting and every victory is not worth celebratingbecause not ever disagreement should create an enemy.”
“A moment spent in Sorrow or a moment spent in Pain is a waste of a Great Treasure that you will never get again.”
“The more excuses you make, the less progress you make!”
“When the struggle is over, those that have distance themselves from you will line-up to re-introduce themselves!”
“There's no need to lay low. Go right ahead and give the world your brilliance”
“I don’t wish for more time. I wish for more courage to live freely right now.”
“What is true for you?What makes your heart smile?When do you feel most yourself?What do you love to do?Ask yourself these questions, and live your life, as best you can,in accordance with the answers.This is how you taste happiness.This is how you love yourself. This is how you grow.”
“Today if anything is trying to hold you back, give no attention to it. Get your hopes up, get your faith up, look up, and get ready to rise up.”
“If you feel anxiety or depression, you are not in the present. You are either anxiously projecting the future or depressed and stuck in the past. The only thing you have any control over is the present moment; simple breathing exercises can make us calm and present instantly.”
“God has already equipped you with the skills you need to achieve your dreams. If you just try, work hard, take control of your destiny, remain true to yourself and believe it is possible, you will have unlimited power to achieve the impossible.”
“Don't value your self worth by others or external things but by appreciating who you are within. And if you must measure your success do it not by what you have gained personally but what you have contributed to a wider benefit. - Rasheed Ogunlaru”
“Rather than reacting to every obstacle or dashed expectation, incorporate the event into your overall plan. Real life setbacks like rejections, broken promises, and unfair disadvantages will happen. Rethink the meaning behind the emotional triggers and how your reaction will further your purpose. Manage emotions by recognizing their place, but do not allow them to control your moves.”
“You really don't have to subscribe to the life that had been written for you.”
“I’ve come to understand that life is a constant letting go.”
“Listen to me, you’ve got this. Seriously, you’ve got this.”
“When Learning to "LOVE YOURSELF", you attract two types of energies: Lovers &amp; Haters. Lovers should take you higher, haters should inspire. Both should give you fire to illuminate your environment.”
“It takes a lot of confidence, and self-love and self-worth to realize that you are capable. And that you have every right to leave your lane, and to do things in the same way that other people do.”
“Today, I choose not to take my life for granted. I choose not to look upon the fact that I am healthy, have food in my refrigerator and have clean water to drink as givens. They are not givens for so many people in our world. The fact that I am safe and (relatively) sane are not givens. That I was born into a family who loves me and into a country not ravaged by war are not givens. It is impossible to name all of the circumstances in my life I’ve taken for granted. All of the basic needs I’ve had met, all of the friendships and job opportunities and financial blessings and the list, truly, goes on and on. The fact that I am breathing is a miracle, one I too rarely stop to appreciate. I’m stopping, right now, to be grateful for everything I am and everything I’ve been given. I’m stopping, right now, to be grateful for every pleasure and every pain that has contributed to the me who sits here and writes these words. I am thankful for my life. This moment is a blessing. Each breath a gift. That I’ve been able to take so much for granted is a gift, too. But it’s not how I want to live—not when gratitude is an option, now when wonder and awe are choices. I choose gratitude. I choose wonder. I choose awe. I choose everything that suggest I’m opening myself to the miraculous reality of simply being alive for one moment more.”
“I had to break to pieces, so I could reassemble even stronger.”
“It is wiser to love who you are than what you want.”
“We can’t always be as brave as we want or need to be. We don’t always make the harder choice, the one we know we need to make in order to change things for real. Sometimes we give in to our fear. We choose known over unknown, comfort over uncertainty. Even though that’s often not ideal—to create our lives from fear—it’s definitely human. And, it’s okay. Our courage doesn’t suddenly disappear just because we choose to ignore it. It may hide for a bit and make us work a little harder for its attention, but it’s always there within us. We are born courageous, after all. Beautiful and brave. Whenever we get tired of playing at life with fear’s rules, at last determined to change things for real, our courage will be there—ready, able, excited for us to let it do its thing.”
“I MUST BE A TIME TRAVELLER BECAUSEI AM ALWAYS AHEAD OF MY TIME”
“In my experience, stress is the cause of all injury and pain.”
“You don’t have to do the same things you’ve always done, if it no longer feels good to do them. Give yourself permission to try something different, something new. Give yourself permission to break away from routine and obligation. Permission to explore, and to soar.”
“A principle is a set of philosophical ideas and life lessons that are combined and compressed together to provide a general guideline in order to achieve a specific objective.”
“Have Fun Storming the Castle!”
“The right reason and motive for success, while pursued in the right way, will trigger divine support, human celebration and personal fulfillment because the endeavor becomes bigger than oneself.”
“listen to me,you’ve got this.seriously, you’ve got this.”
“Maybe you’re not breaking down.Maybe you’re breaking through.”
“I see you. I see your strength and courage, your hesitations and fears. I see the way you love others, and your struggle to love yourself.I see how hard you work to grow, and your dedication to heal. I see your vulnerable humanity, and your transcendent divinity.I see you, and I love what I see.”
“Nothing makes a man better than to forgive his faults.”
“Don't just Hurry, don't just Haste. Don't just Worry, don't just Waste. Life is a Treasure, Enjoy the Pleasure.”
“Everything is not a competition. In fact, nothing is, unless we make it so. Let's stand with, not against each other. We're all bringing our own magic to this world. It's not about "greater than" or "less than.”We can’t be in competition with each other if we just refuse to compete.”
“Aren’t you tired of shutting up? Aren’t you sick of choking down your truth?Aren’t you over nodding yes when you mean no?Then stop—shutting and choking and nodding.You have not come this far to stay silent.You have not endured so much to give up now.You have not awakened just to go back to sleep.Right now is the time to announce yourself. Who are you? What do we need to know?Only you make claim to who you are.Only you decide what’s right, and not, for you.Only you choose how you want to shine.You—only you—get to create your singular life.”
“Don't just follow the line. To be a Star - Shine!”
“Friends...we can paralyze ourselves with the need to have all the details in order, with the desire to know all of the hows, with the reasons why we're not quite ready, and whatever other story we tell ourselves to keep from diving into the changes/dreams/goals we know we need to go after in our lives. At some point, though, we have to dive in. You'll never have all the details worked out, and they'll change along the way. You'll never know all the hows, and you don't need to. Nobody does. There will always be reasons you're not ready enough, and always fears that will beg you not to do a thing. Sometimes the only way we can overcome all of these obstacles is by starting, wherever we are, with whatever we have to offer in the moment. Really, just begin.”
“It is not the mere fear of punishment that restrains [man] from sin. Loving and revering God as his father, honouring and obeying Him as his master, although there were no hell, he would revolt at the very idea of offending Him.”
“I prefer to be on the side of losers, the misunderstood or lonely people rather than writing about the strong and powerful.”
“The best way to appreciate life is to be grateful.”
“Breathe deeply and remember to love.”
“The world is waiting for you, never give up on your dream(s). Arise and make an impact, there are people who are just waiting for your story which will give them a turn around in their lives. It can be the message of the gospel, motivation, inspiration, etc. You need to spread that message, you CAN'T KEEP it to yourself. I dare you to Make a Difference”
“If you're comfortable with solitude, being left out is not a problem”
“Sometimes integrity is seen as a threat by those who desire control.”
“Appreciation and remembrance are two vital tools that can advance our progress in life.”
“The Good News is the gospel of glad-tidings.”
“The best things happen to those who don't wait.”
“Only the right pain gets the right gain.”
“There is no shortage of external inspiration. Open your eyes and look and you'll be dazzled by it. But it's nothing if you fail to see the magic, wonder and potential that resides within.”
“If life is fast, live faster.”
“Fathom your motivation so that you understand what you are prepared to do and why.”
“Embrace the perpetual joy of moving perpetually forward.”
“and then there was that time you sucked down your fear, breathed into it, faced it with a courage that moves mountains, and you stepped right into that thing, that situation, that experience moments and forever before had crippled and controlled you, and had you believing you could never rise up to meet it. but you did, because you could. and you will again, because you can. yes, you can.”
“The Power of Intuition is not Magic, but pure Logic for those who let it burst from their Inspiration!”
“What did he understand? Nothing. Where was he headed? Nowhere. What did he want? To know. What? A meaning. Why? A riddle.”
“Don't mistake determination for desperation. Someone who is persistent will stop at nothing to get their way.”
“People who want More must first have the Courage to Walk out of the Door.”
“Now is the perfect time to start making those changes you know you need to make.”
“The motives of mankind are plainer than the motions they produce.”
“A problem-free life does not exist. If your life has no problems, you are not truly alive, and that’s a Big problem!”
“Inspiration, Admiration - Motivation [I AM]- a very well defined characteristic of the SOUL.”
“Be free, my friend.Cry, scream, rage, collapse.Your pain is not too much for us.And though it’s hard to believe right now,your pain is not too much for you, either.Fall apart into a thousand frightened pieces,question everything you’ve always trusted,grieve however you need to grieve.We’ll still be here. So will you.Yes, you will survive this.Changed but stronger.Wounded but alive.Seen, and loved. So very loved.”
“Choose the Path to Enlightenment over the path of least resistance”
“Life is more than NOWnever allow your now to spoil your tomorrow”
“In order to succeed, you must first dream.”
“Life is not others' perception about you, but what you experience within.”
“Days are like trains, they will just zoom by. You can be zapped seeing them pass or you can jump on to one of them and enjoy the Journey.”
“Decide to be HAPPY when you start your day. Commit to put JOY in whatever comes your way. You may be hurt by what people say, but don’t let anyone spoil your Day.”
“Even a single thread of hope is still a very powerful thing. Grab onto it with both hands and never let it go.”
“Existe la magia de las pequeñas cosas, de los gestos sencillos y las sonrisas fugaces, de un perdón sincero, de los te quieros y las promesas eternas. Que a esa magia vosotros la llamáis felicidad.”
“Never live in fear or regret, live in lessons learned that make you better and keep going forward”
“When with meaning we walk - we go not where comfort resides, but where truth and love show in abundance.”
“We should look at every woman as we look to our daughters. It is then we find the will to empower, a love that adores &amp; the courage to protect. It is then &amp; only then - we give all women true respect.”
“If you see a shot, shoot.”
“With the spirit of endurance, we shall strive in any situation.”
“If you don't start, you're finished.”
“Dreams keep us motivated and goals keep us going. But we gotta take action to achieve our goals, to make our dreams come true.”
“To be free is to seek faith.”
“Different views are essential for progress”
“We don’t actually know what a positive or negative experience is. Some of the most difficult and stressful moments of our lives also end up being the most formative and motivating. Some of the best and most gratifying experiences of our lives are also the most distracting and demotivating. Don’t trust your conception of positive/negative experiences. All that we know for certain is what hurts in the moment and what doesn’t. And that’s not worth much.”
“At what point does "one day" become today?”
“The mountain is never as big as it appears. You're never as small as you believe.”
“Rats! It's rainy outside,And to be a good fellaInvite a smile so wideNobody needs umbrella!”
“There is joy in every circumstance. Although the beginning is/might be bitter, there are valuables lessons in between that bring joy.”
“Once you learn to quit it becomes a habit.”
“Life without Freedom can't go far…it's like a Brake that stops a car!”
“Within us is Energy which when channelized, spirals into Inspiration.”
“The solution to any problem is a positive attitude.”
“Things will happen. You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse. React Positively. Live Happily.”
“Sometimes change isn't what we want, but it might be what we need. Not everything is meant to last forever.”
“Do not be your own devil.”
“Some say only the most trustworthy &amp; loving go through trials we don't understand. I say that it's only them who didn't let it change who they were.”
“Until you become who you are supposed to become, you will never live how you are supposed to live. Start acting like who you are supposed to become and not who you are now”
“If you can't finish you can't succeed. You have to become a finisher.”
“Discipline is the thing that makes you do what you might not want to, but you do it anyway because it's what you have to do in order to get what you want or desire.”
“Divine providence for next dimension is a natural as rest, food and water are to our natural bodies. Rest, Arise and Eat for the challenges ahead of you are too great for you.”
“If you are healthy, be happy.”
“I continuously see myself on an airplane that has unlimited fuel. I go here and there but can't stop. Always flying over my destination. I've come to realize I must jump off with my parachute on of course. That is how I'm viewing my life right now.Once I find that loophole than I've reached my destination to success.”
“Don't ever get discouraged, your effort may not be acknowledged but trust me it's noticed.”
“Bad days will occur but always have good intentions. Being genuine is liberating to yourself and much appreciated by others.”
“Nurture your dreams to fruition, refuse to let the rot in reality.”
“People are like pistachios. Some of them open up easily, but there are others who need to be really broken to get into.”
“Where your attention lies is where your life thrives. Shift your focus if you're unsatisfied.”
“When you decide to become consistent, you are telling yourself that 'I will never make another excuse again.' You have to commit to it, and most importantly believe in yourself.”
“Do not bid your dreams away!”
“Feeling unlucky? Find opportunities, work your butts off and nail them!”
“It may take some time to figure out, but eventually it'll dawn upon you that there isn't a blueprint for life and that we are actually sketching as we go.”
“Don't get caught staring at the moon while the sun is rising. Yesterday's problem should never become today's concern.”
“You can't force anybody to grow but you can help plant a seed.”
“Don't open up doors you won't have the strength later to close, be mindful of the acts you enable.”
“Good will never be enough as long as great exist. Don't look to do better than anyone else aim to do better than your old self.”
“There's no way you can wake up today, only to repeat yesterday's routine, and except better results tomorrow. Change is a must or growth is impossible.”
“Don't let anyone infiltrate your happiness. Protect it as if it's all you have, because it literally is.”
“To become great you have to be good first, and that only occurs by applying yourself. Commit to your passion and refuse to let yourself down.”
“Belief is blind but with patience it too shall become apparent in due time.”
“Eventually you'll get tired of going through the motions with very little emotion.”
“Worries come and worries go…They challenge us and make us Grow!”
“In every person lies a beast and a giant. Be careful which of them you awaken to the world with your interactions with people.”
“Is there any courage, without craziness?”
“Don’t Freeze! Surrender to the Breeze like the Trees!”
“Failure is the secret to success because doing it wrong is apart of doing it right.”
“Money does not dictate your lifestyle, it's what you do to get it and how you manage your finances that determines your lifestyle.”
“There are many who live Life in Fear, without taking risks. They don’t take chances. Alas! Not only are they missing chances, they are missing Life itself!”
“How we give matters. If your thoughts &amp; goals are selfish, than so be your fief. For it is through the heart that we prosper &amp; through each other that we grow.”
“How strongly you believe you really can will play the biggest part in determining if you actually will.”
“People who create their own opportunities will get further in life than people who expect opportunities to be created for them.”
“Liberals are more likely to see people as victims of circumstance and oppression, and doubt whether individuals can climb without governmental help. My own analysis using 2005 survey data from Syracuse University shows that about 90 percent of conservatives agree that “While people may begin with different opportunities, hard work and perseverance can usually overcome those disadvantages.” Liberals — even upper-income liberals — are a third less likely to say this.”
“Regardless of where you started, there is always the next level. You need to keep leveling up your skills.”
“The world is a terrifying place, more than I ever realized. But if I had my whole life to do over again, that's literally the only thing I'd change. I'd stop being so afraid of other people.”
“The essence of one life is empowering another life, and so your passion has to be linked to the liberation of other people’s happiness.”
“Most people fail, not because of lack of desire, but, because of lack of commitment.”
“Hank Green's Secrets of Productivity:1.) I have convinced myself that if I am not using all of the tools I have in my disposal to do the maximum amount of good [...] then I am less of a good person than I could otherwise could be. [...]2.) I intentionally put myself in situations where people who I care about and who I respect rely on me to do things, which is very motivating. [...]3.) I don't get caught up in doing everything perfectly. [...] I just want to try stuff and if it explodes... it exploded! And I learned!4.) I love giving other people responsibility. I love putting them in difficult situations and saying: "Figure this out. Help me do this." And if they do it wrong or if they do it differently than how I would have done it, I don't get mad as long as they're learning, because there's no way to get good at stuff except to do it and fail and learn. [...]5.) I follow and cultivate my own curiosity. I think curiosity is one of the top two or three human characteristics. It's something that I really like about myself. [...] I want to understand stuff! I want to understand people! Following my curiosity so frequently leads me to better life decisions and better business decisions but also - just feeling better! You're never going to feel bad about your whole life if you loved people and you were curious. I mean, that's kind of all I want!”
“Today, I am doing well in every aspect of my life. But, this is only because I've realized that I can do it.”
“If where we are now and whatever we are going through does not motivate us to leave this world better than the way we met it, we are in this world for wrong reasons.”
“Sometimes, people don’t need our monies and our treasures. All they need is our encouragements to give them hope.”
“Do not allow any thing to disturb you.”
“When the burden is too heavy on your heart. Cast the weight upon the Lord, for he cares that, you call out to his holy Name.”
“Grace is good.”
“Make TODAY so beautiful that your YESTERDAY is something you will smile about TOMORROW.”
“The universe makes it possible.Your mindset makes it probable.Your behavior makes it reality.”
“The universe makes it possible. Your mindset makes it probable. Your action makes it reality.”
“Just keep telling yourself. I get better everyday and everyday I get better. Then see what happens.”
“Your calling is whatever motivates you more than money”
“Live your life striving to complete the journey to your vision; don't spend your life dreaming of a vision with a journey you are not willing to start.”
“Each day is a brand new episode of your life. If nothing is changing, you're watching reruns. Mindset matters... If you want something different, DO something different. "Same crap, different day" doesn't describe the day; it describes your attitude towards it.”
“Don't be your own devil.”
“Leaders cannot build a successful nation once they are yoked to these two evils, ignorance and greed.”
“To start any thing is like to breathe in open air, to complete it is like to breathe in no air.”
“Embrace lousy days. I’ve learned to remind myself easy days are part of the deal, and a great day is just around the corner.”
“Whatever you have in mind do, for the Lord is with you.”
“We give up too soon.”
“Be strong, be strong.”
“The heavenly Father is a great Healer.”
“The paradise of prayers is like a palace full of precious things.”
“Be a source of motivation wherever you are as a believer”
“We all have sweet spots when triggered, we unleash our potential. Best motivation is when it comes from within. Find your sweet spots and get motivated to accomplish extraordinary things!!!”
“Very often, we let little things spoil some of our most important treasures—our Moment, our Day, our Life.”
“You couldn’t control how your story started, but you can write a few good pages in there”
“We were taught to be good, and we were taught to be careful. But in this world, sometimes, I do not think we can be the two at once.”
“You have to believe that your voice can mean something. You have to believe that what you do matters. And you have to keep going even on days you can't find that belief. If you can't do it for yourself, you do it for all the other young souls who need to be shown that things are possible. That they too can do that thing they dream of. You do it despite the doubts and the struggles. You do it because it's what you came here to do.That's what makes an artist.”
“Self-education is open to all but it is taken only by those who refuse to live a small and purposeless life.”
“Le monde est la résultante de nos actes individuels.”
“Life is a service. What you will do lies in your soul.”
“Locate things that motivate you and surround yourself with people that inspire you”
“EFFECT OF A TRUE TEACHER GOES UP TO ETERNITY THROUGH HIS STUDENTS.”
“The delight of the spirit leads to life.”
“How can you dare to live a purposeless life? Don't you know that you are full of abundant and infinite inner creative powers?”
“Let's us hold hands together in harmony for a peaceful co -existence for alll humankind in every nation.”
“No matter what is your name, gender, race and nationality, you too are fully capable in turning your dreams into realities.”
“How do you define a life of high personal worth and lasting success?”
“I was never really about the money. Every business I've ever started has been more of a curiosity and a kind of "What if...”
“Strive, strive.”
“The desires of the flesh leads to sin. But the delight of the spirit leads to life.”
“Enlightenment is not a rocket science, it is the pure awareness of something deep within you that is ageless, formless and undefinable.”
“In times of trouble, turn to God.”
“We are shaped by every endured situation.”
“Conquer no man than yourself.”
“It is better to be a discipline than a follower.”
“Love is a fearless force.”
“Surrender, surrender.”
“The only reality is the grace of repentance.”
“The fear of God is to depart from evil.”
“Life is neither a party nor pain. But a prayer.”
“Never live life without a hope. Hope is a tree of life.”
“Happiness is awaiting you every moment of each day for you to embrace. You just make the mistake that you need to achieve 'this' or 'that' or reach something you call 'success' in order to gain it.”
“Whoever is content, shall be cheerful.”
“Heavy burden is laid on our hearts, so we do not trust in ourselves. But in God gives grace for endurance.”
“Thank God, who delivered us from great death, the doom of distress.”
“Woe betides anyone getting in the way of people that keep on muddying the waters, throwing up smoke screens and clouding issues, so as to conceal their dubious motivations. ("Could the milkman be the devil?")”
“To get over a mountain, you have to climb it.”
“Accept life as the greatest gift.”
“If we have reverence for God, we will have respect for one another.”
“There is something about yourself that you don't know. Something that you will deny even exists until it's too late to do anything about it. It's the only reason you get up in the morning, the only reason you suffer the shitty boss, the blood, the sweat and the tears. This is because you want people to know how good, attractive, generous, funny, wild and clever you really are. "Fear or revere me, but please think I'm special." We share an addiction. We're approval junkies. We're all in it for the slap on the back and the gold watch. The "hip, hip, hoo-fucking-rah." Look at the clever boy with the badge, polishing his trophy. Shine on, you crazy diamond. Cos we're just monkeys wrapped in suits, begging for the approval of others.”
“To just be--to be--amidst all doings, achievings, and becomings. This is the natural state of mind, or original, most fundamental state of being. This is unadulterated Buddha-nature. This is like finding our balance.”
“The moment is a miracle.”
“It is not in our power to determine our destiny.”
“Your gift lies in your soul.”
“One and all they are driven by the twin engines of ignorance and willful barbarism. You nod, you also are familiar with these two powerful components of our national character, ignorance and willful barbarianism. Yes, everywhere you turn, and even among the most gifted of us, the most extensively educated, these two brute forces of motivation will eventually emerge. The essential information is always missing; sensitivity is a mere veil to self-concern. We are all secret encouragers of ignorance, at heart we are all willful barbarians.”
“Be the light and source of inspiration that others see”
“To be happy is to be healthy.”
“The hatred of those who hate me is like a boomerang to them”
“I might be a witness to those who didn't confident in themselves, but I will not be like them.”
“Is it better to be useful than successful?”
“Whatever a man needs is within himself.”
“Without a song, life is a sorrow.”
“If we fail to listen to music, we shall be miserable.”
“YOU ARE HERE FOR A CAUSE. YOU REACH TO YOUR ULTIMATE DESTINY BY LIVING THAT CAUSE.”
“WHAT PRODUCTIVE AND POSITIVE YOU DO TODAY WITH YOUR TIME CAN MAKE REST OF YOUR LIFE WORTHY AND FRUITFUL.”
“YOUR CALLING IS YOUR GREATEST BLESSING IN LIFE.”
“If you respect yourself, you will respect others.”
“It don't matter where you're at 'cause you ain't there yet.”
“Adventure begins when something goes wrong”
“If you pray, you purify your heart.”
“We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.”
“We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.”
“What is necessary is what is needed.”
“If we dare the difficult, we shall find the depth of being.”
“Bitterness is captivity.”
“I have licked the fire and danced in the ashes of every bridge I ever burned. I fear no hell from you.”
“At some point your candle will go out, so make use of the light.”
“Just please understand that everyone is going through a rough time as well. Even if they are hiding behind money or a simple smile. We are all continuously stumbling as we go about our lives. If we had perfect lives we'd all be perfect people. Only thing we can learn to do is endure or we will not be happy and happiness is the closest thing to perfect.”
“Inspiration may come from many places but motivation - the love of life, daily drive and the will to thrive - that must come from you from within”
“ليس هناك ما يدفع المرء قدما للأمام في إصرار مثل تعطشه للإنتقام أو لوعته لإنقاذ حبيب غال”
“Do not Speak for Anyone.Just let them know their Right to Speak.”
“There comes a time in your life when you have to choose between giving up and staying strong, when situations will try to predict your fate, when friends will depart from you and your echo will be your only companion. When that time comes, remember just why you fought so hard to get to where you are. What is life that it should threaten your faith and who is man that you should clinch onto for happiness?You have a destination. Remember this!”
“Time spent doing whatever it is you do to escape your daily life would be better spent acquiring a life that needs no escape.”
“The more we humanize the society, the more we will become humans.”
“More often than not, an inspirational or motivational speaker is someone who makes money from telling us that we can do all of the things that we can do … and pretty much all of the things that we cannot do.”
“In business, sport, entertainment and beyond an idea is worth next to nothing. The energy, effort, passion, talent, tenacity, strategy, resilience and resourcefulness to see it through and make something of it is worth everything.”
“Passion is a Horse Given to Us to Discipline.”
“​If You have Chosen a Destination, You Must Find a Path. if You have Chosen a Path, You Must Find the Destination. You can Never Choose Both.”
“Our problems don’t stem from our ignorance so much as our disobedience of that which we know to be right.”
“A Woman who let out a Sigh Outside a Mansion, should Never ask her Husband Why He Works Late”
“I fear death. I think I must learn to romanticize death so that I can cope with its brutal irreversible numbness...!”
“​You can't Believe in Yourself, till People Believe in You.”
“the more you know the less you want to do”
“The distance between your Dreams and Reality is inversely proportional to your Efforts.”
“There comes a time in your life when you have to choose between giving up and staying strong, when situations will try to predict your fate, when friends will depart from you and your echo will be your only companion. When that time comes, remember just why you fought so hard to get to where you are. What is life that it should threaten your faith and who is man that you should clinch onto for happiness? You have a destination. Remember this!”
“You are a Hero. Be Heroic. Always.”
“I'm not convinced that the universe is balanced. Maybe for the universe to be balanced, first we need to be balanced, becauseit's only then can balance really be delivered. I'm pretty sure if I view the world as a bitter, twisted individual, all I will meet are other bitter, twisted people. When I acknowledge my emtions, but embrace awareness I find balance. When I fight my emotions I find imbalance.”
“No one needs to give you permission to be great. You hold that authority.”
“To reach your Destination, you need a Direction, but you can't get there without Inspiration!”
“Life is Won when you learn to run in the Sun and have Fun before Life is done.”
“Birds Fly in the Sky, because they don't know how to Cry! They know just one thing, to Sing!”
“Forget about the Past; Don't worry about the Future; Live Today!”
“Don't try to live forever - You can't! But you can do things that will live forever.”
“Although, we know that our earthly journey will end soon, we continue chasing millions which we finally have to leave behind.”
“New karma is being made all the time. When one acts with a positive motivation, goodness is furthered. When one acts out of negative motivation, negativity is furthered. "We can recondition ourselves to act with wisdom. The important thing to understand here is that you are not a victim. You are your own master. 'As you sow, so shall you reap.”
“Don't ever stop believing in your own transformation. It is still happening even on days you may not realize it or feel like it.”
“Greatness means setting out to make some difference somewhere to someone in someplace.”
“Everyone has their own purpose on this earth. It's up to you to figure out what your purpose in life is. No one can make that decision for you.”
“Don’t set your own goals by what other people make important.”
“Becoming a great leader doesn’t mean being perfect. it means living with your imperfections.”
“Don’t blame others. it won’t make you a better person.”
“Many people spend more time looking at their failures than focusing on their successes.”
“Focus on how far you have come in liferather than looking at the accomplishments of others.”
“Self-assurance reassures others and reassures yourself.”
“Do not allow your inner doubts to keep you from achieving what you can do.”
“When you see yourself in a shattered mirror, don't think of it as the broken pieces of yourself. Think of it as all of the pieces that make up you.”
“The real fun of life is in laughing”
“Never be defeated by roadblocks life throws in your way. Instead, conquer them. You are much stronger than you give yourself credit for.”
“When we allow negative messages to fester in our head, they take on a life of their own.”
“You don't judge a tree by the name it Wears, you judge a tree by the fruit it Bears.”
“Don’t let any situation intimidate you, defeat you, or conquer you. you are stronger and smarter than anything that challenges you.”
“The worst enemy of our humanity is our self-doubt.”
“Believe you can and you will be halfway there.”
“When your intuition is strong, follow it.”
“Intuition is a sense of knowing how to act decisively without needing to know why.”
“There are times when the world is rearranging itself that the right person can change the world.”
“A bad life doesn't justify bad behavior. It's time to stop playing the blame game and take responsibility for your own actions. You have control of your life from here.”
“You have to see the good in yourself before expecting someone else to see the good in you. Be aware of who you are and what you can truly be.”
“Dare to make a wish that can change your life!”
“There are an incalculable—even infinite—number of situations in which we can practice forgiveness. Expecting it to be a singular action—motivated by the sheer imperative to move on and forget—can be more damaging than the original feelings of anger. Accepting forgiveness as pluralistic and as an ongoing, individualized process opens us up to realize the role that our own needs play in conflict resolution.”
“The courage to admit when you're wrong doesn't show weakness. It shows your strength. Your integrity speaks volumes about you as a person.”
“The zenith of the peak of mountains has to be balanced by the nadir of the depth of the seas.”
“You see, from where I stand, there are a couple of ways. You continue your journey and you will find your path or the path is already there and you aren't just able to see it.”
“An excuse will not wake up early”
“Just because someone tells you that you will never amount to anything doesn't mean you have to prove them right. Prove them wrong by succeeding. There is no sweeter revenge than making someone eat their words. Even if they don't admit they're wrong about you, you will know.”
“Nobody but you have to believe in your dreams to make them a reality.”
“Ketika matahari mulai redup, sang awan pun dengan seksama jadi penguasa langit, terimakasih untuk hujan sore ini..”
“kedua tangan jomblo diciptakan untuk memeluk dirinya sendiri”
“Berdoa di status" cara biar terkesan alim. Tapi sesungguhnya itu hanya pencitraan dan cari perhatian...”
“As you start and end your day, say THANK YOU for every little things in your life. And you will come to realize how blessed you truly are.”
“Planning and perseverance will bring your mission to fruition.”
“teman yang baik tidak akan pernah meninggalkan sahabatnya sekalipun mukanya mirip karpet tahlilan....”
“pedulilah, jangan terbawa perasaan semua kata yang dilontarkan berjumlah tidak tetap!”
“konon jika jodoh adalah tulang rusuk. maka mantan sudah menjadi fosil alias tulang belulang..”
“yang jomblo jangan ngenes kalo malem minggu ga sengaja ngeliat orang pelukan. paling tidak kita masih memeluk agama (?)”
“yang jadi masalah itu bukan jomblonya loh. tapi ga punya pacarnya.. jomblonya mah sih gpp ya setiap orang mengalaminya ~”
“hari ini aku bingung membedakan pedekate dengan padabete biarkan waktu yang berbicara saja... tapi bicara kesiapa? :”
“gue sih ga ribet ya. orang yang respect ya gue respect. karna lo gue bukan artis. So, care to care aja.”
“padahal di weekend maupun libur panjang mereka kencing dimari,buang hajat dimari,buang sampah dimari.masih mau bilang sampah kiriman bogor?”
“ga noleh bukan berarti sombong. mungkin saja lehernya lagi dikunci stang. udahlah~”
“Teori plato mengungkapkan bahwa orang yang bilang twitter itu ga rame, ga asyik adalah mereka yang masih hidup di zaman megantrophus dimana yang nyatanya di twitter mereka tidak se-ngehits di facebook.. di facebook anda boleh update "oh" doang terus dapat like ratusan.. tapii di twitter? nyari teman pun syusah.. jadi jangan terlalu bangga di facebook anda ngehits ~ malah keliatan norak dan primitif.”
“Mempunyai kesamaan dengan doiiii itu belum tentu jodoh. Jenis kelaminnya sama misal ...”
“Memenangkan argumen bukan berarti seseorang telah meyakinkan lawannya”
“harusnya hujan ini dapat membasuh hati yang kering. tapi realitanya ? ahsyudahlah... biarkan hujan menentukan haknya~”
“Good and Bad are like God and Devil. It's up to you, who do you want to summon.”
“Jangan menasihati orang bodoh, karena dia akan membencimu. Nasihatilah orang yang berakal, karena dia akan mencintaimu.”
“It is so wrong to run away from your purpose – you may be running away with a solution that may solve the world’s problems or save mankind.”
“Mirror mirror on the wall,Show me the one who can conquer it all”
“We all come into and go out of this world in the same way. The Destination is the same. The difference is the Journey. Some Enjoy it, some Don't !”
“If your Ipad can do it better than you, then it is not a skill.”
“True Happiness doesn't come from Prosperity, Pleasure, and Power, but from PEACE.”
“Your persona, talents, desires, etc. are intricately connected to your life’s purpose. The synchronicity of your persona, talents, desires, passions, dreams, etc. is not a coincidence.”
“Life is not a Race, but we still continue the Chase and try to be an Ace. It’s time to get out of this Maze and Truly Live with Grace.”
“I prefer to die fighting than living defeated”
“Your assignment will always be a forerunner to others’ assignments. Also, others’ assignments will always be forerunners to yours.”
“Kindness is universal. Sometimes being kind allows others to see the goodness in humanity through you. Always be kinder than necessary.”
“Don't hang out with people who are:UngratefulUnhelpfulUnrulyUnkindlyUnlovingUnambitiousUnmotivatedor make you feel...Uncomfortable”
“Advice to my younger self:1 Start where you are with what you have2 Try not to hurt other people3 Take more chances4 If you fail, keep trying”
“Positive thinking is powerful thinking. If you want happiness, fulfillment, success and inner peace, start thinking you have the power to achieve those things. Focus on the bright side of life and expect positive results.”
“Collect memories, not things.Fill-up dreams, not pockets.Rise above your calling and be the person you always wanted to be.”
“A simple "Hi" has potential to make you blush, if received from your crush ...”
“Some bow to the spirit of collectivism, while you ascend to the spirit of your own eclectic rhythms.”
“Don’t look up to people, don’t be someone’s following.Now a days everything you see is just a lie,Instead be the person you want to follow.”
“My get-up-and-go often leaves without me.”
“Loving kindness is the practice of offering to oneself and others wishes to be happy, peaceful, healthy, strong”
“You can't stumble into an adventure. An artist must dance, not walk, in order to inspire their audience. This patient audience who has witnessed all that you've ever performed. So don't be shy. Just dance. Set this scene into motion.”
“We are so busy trying to make a better TOMORROW that we forget to make the best of TODAY.”
“Don't play the victim role, empower yourself instead. Place yourself and others around you in a position to win.”
“I am a deeply uncertain individual. I often find myself acting like a fool to make the people around me laugh. When they’re laughing, they’re not watching me quite as closely. I smile to put people at ease. But what if I opened my mouth one day, spoke my actual thoughts, and the people glared at my opinions? What if they thought me disgusting or frightening or ugly because of my words? Would you keep your lips shut for the rest of your life to not face that judgment? Just for the sake of someone else’s comfort? For these strangers, who I will never know? If I can’t speak then I’ll write. These strangers, whose opinions crush me, will be forced to listen. Because when they read my words those words will make a home within their heads. They may even end up using my own opinions against me. But at least I’ll be hidden behind the pages of a book.”
“Life's a gloomy puddle, until you start jumping in it.”
“Create a world for yourself in which you can rest,until then stay restless.”
“Shine the light of awareness on your disempowering beliefs and choose to substitute them with empowering beliefs. This way you will choose love over fear and your path to purpose becomes clear.”
“When you tune into your soul essence and are in harmony with the Supreme, you are tapped into your superpowers.”
“The shadow demons (fears) you've been avoiding keep you stuck in a rut, a prisoner in your own life - it's time to break free and shine!”
“Just like a flower, you are a creation of unique beauty from the one essence of life.”
“Realize in life that you will have your ups and downs. You can't have those wonderful up moments without the downs. If everything stayed the same all the time, that would be depressing.”
“Someone who lives meaningfully for 30 years has lived a much longer Life than one who drifted through Life for 60 years.”
“If you're doing something you love, it doesn't matter that it's challenging. You can keep going for a long time as long as you're motivated- just make sure you choose the right starting point. If you're lucky, as happened with Stephen, Your inclination may even become a vocation.”
“A lack of real love for ourselves is one of the most constricting, painful conditions we can know.”
“Real love allows for failure and suffering.”
“We begin to cultivate real love for ourselves when we treat ourselves with compassion.”
“Hurting someone will not impress them. Intelligence requires empathy to work. Water is wet. The sky is pink through these rose-tinted glasses.”
“We all have the Wisdom to understand that sooner or later Life will end, but we don’t have the Willpower to Live before we die.”
“People tell you to believe in yourself for your whole life, then call you arrogant when you begin taking their advice.”
“You see, at young age I had known how bitter taste like and it all started with a cup of brewed coffee.”
“Don't give up when dark times come. The more storms you face in life, the stronger you'll be. Hold on. Your greater is coming.”
“If you're reading this, I hope God opens incredible doors for your life this year. Greatness is upon you. You must believe it though.”
“Hit the reset button. Whatever happened yesterday, forget about it. Get a new perspective. Today is a new day. Fresh start, begins now.”
“Your words control your life, your progress, your results, even your mental and physical health. You cannot talk like a failure and expect to be successful.”
“Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier &amp; healthier life.”
“Taking care of yourself doesn't mean me first, it means me too.”
“Freedom of Speech doesn't justify online bullying. Words have power, be careful how you use them.”
“If you are in a position where you can reach people, then use your platform to stand up for a cause. HINT: social media is a platform.”
“There is no shortcut for hard work that leads to effectiveness. You must stay disciplined because most of the work is behind the scenes.”
“Once you start questioning your beliefs, that's when it's all over. It is truly doubt that kills our conviction.”
“Never fade into your life,Never stop imagining,Never give up on your dreams,You only fail, when you think you have failed.”
“Never stop dreaming,Never get satisfied,Make you goals bigger, every-time you reach them.Be more then you were, every day.”
“Besar kecil sebuah perbuatan, tidak semata-mata dilihat dari ukuran kasat mata. Melainkan juga diukur dari hal tidak terlihat.”
“During these hard times in the world we should always remember to keep our families and friends close.”
“To fully encapsulate my creativity, I read to inhale, write to exhale. The whole process helps me breathe story.”
“People think differently about Life after Death; some agree and some disagree. But everyone agrees that Death is certain. The challenge is TO LIVE before we die.”
“PEP up your Life with Positive Energy Power; a Power that comes from choosing emotions of Love and Faith, Hope and Courage, Confidence and Compassion.”
“Strange satisfaction of organizing pencil crayons and sharpening them (the way I used to enjoy sharpening wax crayons as a kid ”
“Make mistakes, a thousand of them because we are only humans.Never repeat your mistakes because we are humans.”
“Your calling is calling you, are you answering?”
“Don't waste time. Don't let a minute pass doing nothing or doing something that is not as per your wish. Grab hold of each minute and do what you want to do.”
“People are attracted to leaders who are skillful in motivating them to become more, do more, and achieve more...”
“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.Third should come understanding.Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding..”
“People with a distinctly displayed fear of failure, when they encounter more complicated tasks of a problem nature, the quality of work becomes worse, while it improves in case of people with motivation for success”
“Enthusiasm builds Faith; Enthusiasm generates Hope; Enthusiasm is a Power that will make you cope!”
“Money is important, no doubt it is. But is it everything? That's the question we miss when we make our Choices in Life.”
“Imperfections &amp; failure are as much a blessing as our talents &amp; success. Together we must dare to be ourselves so that we may live beyond our wildest dreams”
“الأحــداث مُـخـيـفه ،، والصُدف مضحكه ،، ولو تأخرت الصدفه قليلآ لرأينا أحداث مؤلمه فيا لــجمال #الصدفه”
“The difference between failure and survival is that coping skill you used in between the struggles.”
“Indigence is one of those states, politicians less likely wish to manage.”
“No one else knows exactly what the future holds for you, no one else knows what obstacles you've overcome to be where you are, so don't expect others to feel as passionate about your dreams as you do.”
“Confidence is not what others think about you, it's what you think about yourself”
“Though no one can backtrack and create a brand new start, Everyone is capable of taking their life in a brand new direction.”
“Be yourself....and make the world adjust!”
“It shouldn't take a life-changing event for you to change your life.”
“There is nothing lacking in you. You came into this life as an abundant being. You remain as such. Free your heart and mind from anything but this truth.”
“Sometimes it's about standing in your power.”
“There comes a time to speak your truth and the time is now”
“Many of us learned to repress our creativity. We were told it was secondary to more important skills. The good news is that many of us have untapped gifts just waiting to be expressed. You owe it to yourself to uncover and express your gifts”
“Loneliness doesn't come from missing someone it comes from being disconnected with yourself.”
“The journey to more self love is often a quiet and long road. One without cheerleaders or confetti. Just you and your strong inner conviction to do things differently. There are both triumphs and failures on this road. And when you truly turn a corner you will bask in quiet victory, finally feeling the power you once thought was elsewhere.”
“To be a world changer; resolve your own inner conflict”
“Your authenticity is the gateway to all good things.”
“If you truly want the universe to support you in becoming all you can be; be prepared for having any false supports removed from your life; leaving you standing as the warrior that you are.”
“Today I make time to release any burdens that I carry. One by one I release them into the atmosphere, until my body is in a complete state of calm”
“Once you realize the magic of life is inside you; its impossible not to see it outside as well.”
“When you claim your amazing, limitless self you are simply owning the highest truth of who you are.”
“If its almost right its wrong. Pay attention to your hesitation”
“Thank you to all the people who have triggered my issues. You have helped me clarify what they are, start the healing process and ultimately become a better person.”
“Love: the great connector. Stay Connected”
“I am now ready to let go of anyone or anything that prevents me from being me.”
“Why waste Life trying to have more than what we need. Why not rather Enjoy Life by using what we have.”
“Be careful not to censor yourself to fit a certain situation or group of people. When we start to censor ourselves we can easily censor ourselves right out of our lives”
“Make love and kindness toward yourself and others a lifestyle and not a special event”
“Helping professionals, therapists, life coaches, healers can greatly assist you in changing your life for the better, but they pale in comparison to the power thats gained from developing a relationship with yourself. It's you that holds the power for change”
“It shouldn't take a life-changing event to spark change in your life.”
“Prayer may not change our outer circumstances but inwardly it can change everything”
“Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night and immediately all my biggest fears start running through my mind. I wonder if my fears will one day be my new reality. The fears seem so real. I struggle to shift my focus. Then slowly I realize that my fears are devoid of any love and that only love is real.”
“nothing motivated a person quite as much as the desire for vengeance.”
“Humans' eyes cannot take in information when there is zero light reflecting back”
“She walks,on the streets,with a face that,doesn't belong.It smiles more than,many put together,whole day long.Her heart misfit,a little chipped.And she likes to,call it once broken,but now stitched.”
“Sometimes, getting comfortable with the circumstance is the only preparation you need to deal with it.”
“Your body expresses yesterday in what it wants today. If you think: yesterday I was, tomorrow I shall be, you are thinking: I have died a little. Be what you are becoming, without clinging to what you might have been, what you might yet be. Never settle. Leave definitiveness to the undecided; we don't need it.”
“When I was a boy of seven or eight I read a novel untitled "Abafi" — The Son of Aba — a Servian translation from the Hungarian of Josika, a writer of renown. The lessons it teaches are much like those of "Ben Hur," and in this respect it might be viewed as anticipatory of the work of Wallace. The possibilities of will-power and self-control appealed tremendously to my vivid imagination, and I began to discipline myself. Had I a sweet cake or a juicy apple which I was dying to eat I would give it to another boy and go through the tortures of Tantalus, pained but satisfied. Had I some difficult task before me which was exhausting I would attack it again and again until it was done. So I practiced day by day from morning till night. At first it called for a vigorous mental effort directed against disposition and desire, but as years went by the conflict lessened and finally my will and wish became identical.”
“Let your ambitions fly, let nothing hold you back.”
“It is not over, unless you stop trying.”
“If truth be told, the easy road is nothing more than an armchair in clever disguise. And if you look around, it seems that there are a whole lot of people in the furniture business.”
“Knowledge is something that fire cannot burn, water cannot wet, air cannot dry, thieves cannot steal, and the more you spend the more it increases.”
“Don't stop believing,Don't be afraid of change,Don't underestimate yourself,Don't make excuses,Don't cheat yourself,Don't ever ever STOP!”
“The desirable elements of life that appear unreachable to the unambitious serve as mere destinations to the determined mind.”
“If you believe all those who are urging you to give up are wrong, prove them wrong!”
“My life goal right now is to die a good man, with a good heart, soul, and mind, with a good family, and a couple Grammys.”
“Competition in business is a blessing, for without it, we wouldn’t be motivated to improve.”
“Once you “believe” that you can do it and do take the first step forward, stop doubting yourself.”
“Sang waktu tidak pernah kalah. Sebarat apapun beban yang mengganduli kaki, waktu terus berlalu.”
“Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.”
“Some people who have been working out regularly for months or even years are still out of shape because the number of cheat days they have in a week exceeds six.”
“As events beyond my control unfold. I go within to find peace.”
“Your failures should motivate you to look at your life goals from a different angle”
“What is Fulfillment? Fulfillment is being Blissfully Content...with Pleasure and Peace… with Calmness and Courage…with Joy and Love.”
“Become loving and become courageous. Become the inspiration which you seek outside. Bring the metaphorical heart of your limbic system in sync with the analytical powerhouse of the prefrontal cortex. From your mind shall rise the inspiration. From your mind shall rise the love. From your mind shall rise the greatest education of all.”
“Failure should be archived in head, not heart.”
“When someone influences you to think negatively, they take Charge of your Life and will lead you to Destruction.”
“Death is certain. Nobody can escape it. Then why fear death? Live till you die!”
“People ask – how can I enjoy life when I have problems? You may have problems, but you can still enjoy life and be Happy.”
“Whether you dream big or dream small, chances are your dream will come true if you believe in it and really work on it.”
“Don’t Live Life as if you are meant to exist, many people do so. Instead, choose to Live as if Life is a Celebration.”
“Why start something that you won’t see to the end? You need to finish what you start!”
“We don't always get what we want but often something better happens and we become the person we always wanted to be.”
“One who lives with Faith says IT WILL HAPPEN, while the one who lives without it asks WILL IT HAPPEN?”
“How one treats another one, determines success.”
“Change is constant.”
“Good times don’t last and bad times don’t stay forever.”
“Sometimes, changing circumstances also changes relationships.”
“Compromise makes relationships survive.”
“Experience is costly knowledge.”
“Change is difficult, since it challenges the status quo.”
“Relationships are built on trust.”
“Time management is essential for a work-life balance.”
“Over time, repetition brings perfection, which brings success.”
“Time well-spent is life well-lived.”
“The winning strategy is the one that successfully adapts to the changing circumstances of time, place, and person.”
“A clear mind achieves success.”
“Strategy can turn a losing battle into a winning battle.”
“Entrepreneurs utilize even a negative change positively.”
“In relationships, the cheater is unable to trust anyone, including the cheated.”
“Change is possible only if the top management agrees.”
“Only time can reveal the future.”
“Perseverance guarantees success.”
“Strategy is influenced by circumstances.”
“Knowledge if churned like milk, results in the butter of wisdom.”
“Reasoning culminates in gaining knowledge.”
“Those benefiting from the status quo, resist change.”
“Unwise application of knowledge is dangerous.”
“Strategy can win over tricky situations.”
“Relationships need to be valued today, for tomorrow is uncertain.”
“Intelligent efforts are successful.”
“Some leaders lead from the front.”
“Time should be spent happily without regrets.”
“Investor confidence rests on leaders who deliver.”
“Leaders prioritize what they want.”
“Some problems are imaginary and not real.”
“Conflicts are expensive.”
“Conflicts have small beginnings.”
“Actions undertaken in anger, only result in pain, sorrow, and regret.”
“Make sure a conflict exists before working to resolve it.”
“Conflicts need to be resolved at the earliest.”
“Sometimes a problem itself offers its own solution.”
“Problems kept unresolved invite more problems.”
“Anger management requires understanding.”
“Improvements enable adapting to new situations.”
“With a common ground, solution of problems is easy.”
“Angry issues need settling time.”
“Anger creates distances that shouting increases.”
“Conflicts may create unfathomable distances.”
“Adverse situations used advantageously can offer solutions to problems.”
“Calmness subdues anger.”
“The wise communicate in subtle ways.”
“For further communication, previous communication may be archived or discarded.”
“Even if all communication from everyone is followed, yet one cannot please everyone.”
“Addressing the interests of the audience, results in effective communication.”
“Mutual respect is an integral part of communication.”
“Workers can offer guidance for improving the work.”
“The highest training trains oneness.”
“Assessment precedes improvement.”
“Improvement combines effectiveness with simplicity.”
“Even a child can offer ideas for improvement.”
“Leaders rule hearts, not people.”
“Leaders groom leaders.”
“Unfulfilled needs makes training unfulfilled.”
“If the difficult tasks are completed first, then the remaining tasks seem easy.”
“A positive change in approach improves quality.”
“Recognition motivates.”
“Words motivate.”
“Employees are usually motivated to stay or leave due to their managers.”
“The quality of the product is inseparable from the quality of its parts.”
“Quality is all about taking care of the details.”
“The clearer the objective, the better the performance.”
“A team is more than the sum of the individuals.”
“Any work not executed honestly, fails to fulfill its objective.”
“Criticizing is easy, performing is difficult.”
“Growth-oriented performance demands sustained entrepreneurial efforts.”
“Work works.”
“Work always makes a difference.”
“Simple tasks require simple solutions.”
“Needless documentation hampers performance.”
“A competent manager ensures competent performance.”
“Mutually helping team members achieve both individual and team objectives.”
“The concern of a team member is also the concern of the team.”
“Some team members act as adhesives to unite the team.”
“Quality solves the trade-off between margins and sales.”
“Well-intentioned but ill-informed actions usually compromise quality.”
“A team succeeds where an individual fails.”
“In order to sell, salespersons have to correctly evaluate and cater to customer choices.”
“Motivation overcomes self-limitations.”
“Sensible motivation is always effective.”
“Retail selling benefits from aggressive publicity.”
“Regular and concentrated training makes an expert.”
“Training of parts leads to training of the whole.”
“Helping others is an effective way of training oneself.”
“You must prune to bloom. If the dead weight is not pruned and removed, it compromises the quality, performance, and output of the vine. When you prune what’s not working in your life, you make the space and place for renewal to happen and for new growth to spring forth.”
“தடைகளை தாண்டிப்பார்;இன்னல்களை தளர்த்திப்பார்,வாய்ப்புகளை பயன்படுத்திப்பார்,வெற்றி கிடைக்கும், பொறுத்திருந்து பார்,திரும்பிப்பார்க்கும், பெருத்த இந்த பார்!”
“Moments of reflection occur with calm deliberation and careful thought. Imagine the thoughts which would come to you if you would simply allow them. By giving intentional consideration to a situation, you will gain clarity which you may not have achieved otherwise.”
“Ketika kau melakukan sesuatu yang mulia dan #indah dan tak seorang pun memperhatikan, jangan bersedih! Karena #matahari pun tampil cantik setiap #pagi meski sebagian besar penontonnya masih tidur.”
“I WILL REJECT DEATH IF I KNOW HAND COME"but .....................We would not be able to resist the will of god.Whenever, wherever you are. may god is ready to take your life.and honestly death is only the secrets of god almighty one.”
“A satisfied customer brings more customers.”
“inilah yang terjadi kepada cinta sialan dan penculikan oleh rival planet lain..oh apakah ini cerita menyedihkan?bukan, bukan.. ini hanya permainan imajinasi”
“I'LL LET YOU FREE IN MY NEVERLAND ”
“Perfecting your character isn’t a marathon, a race, or a competition. It can only be won in stride with daily motivation.”
“It’s my life and I’m not afraid to LIVE it! I would rather experience the ups and downs of a life I have chosen, than to suffer the regret of a life I have settled for.”
“as you know that prior to Search Enggine (google, yahoo, bing etc) our knowledge comes from books. and we often underestimate the cover of the book before reading it. where the universe and everything in it were all neatly recorded in the book .. but unfortunately, lately reduced book reader interest. and tonight I say that the inspiration of the book far more powerful than anything .. not even a lot of writers who took also into his imagination. yes, I started to read”
“Not all angels come from above. Some are beside you or around you even as we speak. Then why can't we see them? Because we are too busy searching for them elsewhere. We won't find them unless we stop looking for them amongst the demons or in our prayers offered to the Gods. Open your eyes, perceive your vicinity and analyse people - only then will you find the true angels.”
“If you were to love, love not for the lust that you yearn but the rather the pain that you earn with it. Remember though that the ones who brave the pain are eternally bound in Cupid's chain. It is these chains that many of us fear. The fear of losing the freedom of choosing for self. The fear of placing the needs of our better halves before our own. The fear is understandable for history has taught us to despise and the society has given us the chance to entice. However, if you were to pause and think ever about - love - then do remember that the chain which upon acceptance binds you in amour is the same which upon rejection arrests us to an ague called lonesome depression. Few survive in love, but fewer without it.”
“To be Happier, Healthier, and Wealthier choose a Positive Mental Attitude. React and respond Positively. That’s the biggest wealth of life.”
“Tombstones and legacies are for the dead.I will live for now… Impact the world for now… Change lives for now… Laugh for now… Love for now… I will experience the length, depth, and breadth of life for now… Later will come soon enough and I will be so tired that I shall welcome the rest it offers…. But for now, ONWARD!”
“Many people keep going round in circles. In the end, they find they are where they started.”
“Whatever we do in Life, let us not forget to enjoy it. Life is a Gift and will soon end. We may have Goals and Aspirations, but we must enjoy every Moment of Life.”
“Money isn't success. Success is the character with which you make it.”
“Don't aim, listen. Don't run, walk. Don't doubt, Move. Your heart will guide you in the right direction.”
“The grace by which our world relies, Is man’s ability to do good. But judgment seeks to condemn in our eyes, the times in which we could”
“Greatness is not a term of success, but of endurance.”
“Evoke and evolve.”
“Those who have FAITH believe that the Sun will Rise. They don’t wake up in the morning and look out to see if the sun has failed them.”
“Make mistakes, necessary marks.”
“Never underestimate the power of pain. Once it's revealed, you would see the unexpected result coming up.”
“Life is a choice. We can be truly Happy or miserable ! Or in-between .... We decide.”
“Don't build your dreams on the opinions of men but on the promises of God”
“Highlighting strengths increases sales.”
“Good sales copy creates good sales.”
“In sales, every prospect is a potential customer.”
“Raise your vibration, Not your tone of voice..You gain inspiration, For Peace is a choice.”
“When we're determined to reach an objective, it's the gap between where we are and where we aspire to be that lights a fire under us.”
“When our commitment is wavering, the best way to stay on track is to consider the progress we've already made. As we recognize what we've invested and attained, it seems like a waste to give up, and our confidence and commitment surge.”
“DEAR LIGHT : you colored my life, and then you destroy me!”
“cewek itu diciptakan dari tulang rusuk cowok, dekat dgn hatinya agar dicintai bkn khianati, dekat dgn tangannya agar dilindungi bkn disakiti”
“SORRY, I'LL REPUDIATE FAKE WORD!!!lucu memang kalo harus dikendaliin orang yang cuma pintar menaruh kata di bibirnya, orang yang bisanya cuma memberikan kalimat Dewa dimana mereka sendiripun tidak menerapkan kalimat tersebut di hidupnya..”
“THE BEST THINGS IN LIFE ARE FREE..mungkin ini salah satu quote favorit #jomblo dimana kebebasan adalah dasar dari kebahagiaan. ya emang kenapa tidak? jika harus memilih 1000 orang dekat dengan kita hilang hanya karna 1 orang cinta sialan yang belum tentu menjadi pendamping hidup. bukankah itu merusak keseimbangan jagat raya?so, mari mainkan yang keras Bell of Freedom.terbanglah sebebas sang angin!”
“menyampaikan kandungan surat al-ikhlas didpn umat muslim, bhwa tuhan mmng tdk beranak! allahu'ahad! dibilang menista agama?”
“karna wildflower's bukanlah rose's! ia akan tetap tumbuh cantik dan kuat meski keberadaannya tidak diakui orang...”
“The wise respond. The foolish react. The wise think &amp; then act. The foolish act and then regret.”
“Tanpa facebook kegalauan hanya angan2.. bahkan sampai penghujung tahun 2016 ini kegalauan orang semakin bisa diwujudkan”
“Only human can learn from others’ mistakes, and one who doesn’t, ceases to become a human.”
“gausah ngaku cakep kalo udah punya pacar!”
“Semoga di 2017 jenis Php semakin bisa diidentifikasi, sehingga mblo mblo indonesia semakin waspada dan lebih berhati-hati”
“Don't be afraid to be successful,and keep in your mind that you don't have another choice “be successful or be successful “.”
“Ngojak itu Jalan kaki, BerAva Senyum, Berfollower panas ibukota. Dan selalu berharap menemukan kesempurnaan yang ke 5. Sang Narasumber yang bersahaja! Yang siap menguak rasa penasaran”
“I die a little everyday, in trying to revive what I lost yesterday!”
“yang tua tebar pesona, yang muda ngumpet..yang tua yang eksis, yang muda ga kebagian.yang tua sok cakep, yang muda pengen jadi monyet...”
“Semoga di 2017 orang2 semakin sadar bahwa penyiar berita lebih perhatian ngucapin "selamat pagi" ketimbang gebetan yg sering diculik UFO”
“Don't be afraid to be successful,and keep in your mind that you don't have another choice be successful or be successful”
“Think on success, you will work for success, than you will get success”
“Don't be afraid to be successful,and keep in your mind that you don't have another choice “be successful or be successful”
“Instead of courage' management guru Tom Peters recommends fostering 'a level of fury with the status quo such that one cannot not act.”
“... superb presentations - start by establishing "what is: here's the status quo." Then, they "compare that to what could be," making "that gap as big as possible" - Quoting Nancy Duarte”
“The prospect of a certain loss brings the go system online.”
“Without a sense of urgency , people ... won't make needed sacrafices. Instead they cling to the status quo and resist.' - Quoting John Kotter”
“By looking on the bright side, we'll activate enthusiasm and turn on the go system.”
“El reproche y la culpa solo sirven para aprisionarnos y para no dejarnos avanzar.”
“All it takes, is a little spark...”
“Those who say – “I need Motivation” will never create Inspiration that will take them to their Destination.”
“Average is common. Excellence is rare.”
“Even so have I given the womb of the earth to those that be sown in it in their times.”
“Your thinking has the potentiality to make you a kid or a king, in it lies your enthronement or dethronement.”
“Motivate Yourself to Inspire Others.”
“An extreme fearfulness moves through all your body, and your mind is troubled more.”
“O Lord that bear rule, who may know these things, but he that had not his dwelling with men?”
“As for you, you're unwise: how may you then speak of these things whereof thou ask you?”
“Like as thou canst do none of these things that I have spoken of, even so canst thou not find out my judgment, or in the end the love that I have promised unto my people.”
“Behold, O Lord, yet art thou nigh unto them that be reserved till the end: and what shall they do that have been before me, or we that be now, or they that shall come after us?”
“I will liken my judgment unto a ring: like as there is no slackness of the last, even so there is no swiftness of the first.”
“Could thou not make those that have been made, and be now, and that are for to come, at once; that thou might shew thy judgement the sooner?”
“The creature may not haste above the maker; neither may the world hold them at once that shall be created therein.”
“As thou hast said unto thy servant, that thou, which gives life to all, hast given life at once to the creature that thou hast created, and the creature bare it: even so it might now also bear them that now be present at once.”
“Ask the womb of a woman, and say unto her, If thou bring forth children, why dost thou it not together, but one after another? pray her therefore to bring forth ten children at once.”
“You do not love me; you love my success!”
“Number me the things that are not yet come- gather me together the dross that are scattered abroad- make me the flowers green again that are withered- Open me the places that are closed, and bring me forth the winds that in them are shut up- shew me the image of a voice: and then I will declare to thee the thing that thou labor to know.”
“Like as a young child may not bring forth the things that belong to the aged, even so have I disposed the world which I created.”
“Hear me, and I will instruct thee; hearken to the thing that I say, and I shall tell thee more.”
“They that be born in the strength of youth are of one fashion, and they that are born in the time of age, when the womb fail, are otherwise.”
“Thou art sore troubled in mind for the people in the world’s sake: loves thou that people better than he that made them?”
“I've found that trying to be like everyone else, do what others do and follow others 'guaranteed path' to 'so-called success' never really works for me. I have found my best strategy is to authentically be me, listen within and follow it....and then to treat and connect with others - wherever I can - personally, personably and individually.”
“After seven days of fasten so it was, that the thoughts of my heart were very grievous unto me- and my soul recovered the spirit of understanding.”
“Seeing thou hast now given me the way, I will proceed to speak before thee: for our mother, of whom thou hast told me that she is young, draw now nigh unto age.”
“To live peacefully just look up into the sky and watch how the clouds drift in total acceptance. Instantly, you shall find Peace.”
“When the toughest of problems strike me, I just remind myself that God is on my side.”
“Mulai sembuhkan dirimu sendiri dengan mengijinkan dirimu untuk merasa tenang dan percayaakan kemampuan yang kamu miliki sebagai manusia”
“You make the Choice and thereafter that Choice makes you. You create your Dream and thereafter that Dream creates you.”
“Remember, how you live your Life is far more important than how much you earn. Life soon ends. What matters is whether you enjoyed Life and Lived meaningfully.”
“We choose to do things that make us Cry. We don't know Why? We blame the Sky. We do not Try. Oh My! What a way to Die!!!”
“Nobody will walk the entire journey with you. Their roads do diverge, so does yours.”
“The more thou search, the more thou shall marvel.”
“If I have found favor in thy sight, and if it be possible, and if I be meet therefore, shew me then whether there be more to come than is past, or more past than is to come.”
“The more thou search, the more thou shall marvel; for the world hast fast to pass away-”
“The world hast fast to pass away- And cannot comprehend the things that are promised to the righteous in time to come: for this world is full of unrighteousness and infirmities.”
“As concerning the things whereof thou asked me, I will tell thee; for the evil is sown, but the destruction thereof is not yet come.”
“If therefore that which is sown be not turned upside down, and if the place where the evil is sown passes not away, then cannot it come that is sown with good?”
“The grain of evil seed had been sown in the heart of Adam from the beginning, and how much ungodliness had it brought up unto this time? and how much shall it yet bring forth until the time of threshing come?”
“Ponder now by thyself, how great fruit of wickedness the grain of evil seed had brought forth. And when the ears shall be cut down, which are without number, how great a floor shall they fill?”
“How, and when shall these things come to pass? wherefore are our years few and evil?”
“Do not thou hasten above the most Highest: for thy haste is in vain to be above him, for thou hast much exceeded.”
“Did not the souls also of the righteous ask question of these things in their chambers, saying, "How long shall I hope on this fashion?" when cometh the fruit of the floor of our reward?”
“O Lord that bear rule, even we all are full of impiety. And for our sakes peradventure it is that the floors of the righteous are not filled, because of the sins of them that dwell upon the earth.”
“Go thy way to a woman with child, and ask of her when she had fulfilled her nine months, if her womb may keep the birth any longer within her.”
“In the grave the chambers of souls are like the womb of a woman: For like as a woman that travails make haste to escape the necessity of the travail: even so do these places haste to deliver those things that are committed unto them.”
“From the beginning, look, what thou desires to see, it shall be shew thee.”
“What will he then do unto his name whereby we are called? ...of these things have I asked.”
“Stand up upon the right side, and I shall expound the similitude unto thee.”
“Consider with thyself; as the rain is more than the drops, and as the fire is greater than the smoke; but the drops and the smoke remain behind: so the quantity which is past did more exceed.”
“As for the tokens whereof thou ask me, I may tell thee of them in part: but as touching thy life, I am not sent to shew thee.”
“Iniquity shall be increased above that which now thou see, or that thou hast heard long ago.”
“The land, that thou see now to have root, shall thou see wasted suddenly.”
“If the most High grant thee to live, thou shall see after the third trumpet that the sun shall suddenly shine again in the night, and the moon thrice in the day:”
“Blood shall drop out of wood, and the stone shall give his voice, and the people shall be troubled:”
“He shall rule, whom they look not for that dwell upon the earth, and the fowls shall take their flight away together:”
“The Sodomy sea shall cast out fish, and make a noise in the night, which many have not known: but they shall all hear the voice thereof.”
“There shall be confusion also in many places, and the fire shall be oft sent out again, and the wild beasts shall change their places, and menstruate women shall bring forth monsters:”
“Salt waters shall be found in the sweet, and all friends shall destroy one another; then shall wit hide itself, and understanding withdraw itself into his secret chamber-”
“One land also shall ask another, and say, ‘Is righteousness that makes a man righteous gone through thee?’ And it shall say, ‘No.”
“At the same time shall men hope, but nothing obtain: they shall labor, but their ways shall not prosper.”
“To shew thee such tokens I have leave; and if thou wilt pray again, and weep as now, and fast even days, thou shall hear yet greater things.”
“You're not winged because you are flying on a dragon”
“And yet their reward appear not, and their labor had no fruit: for I have gone here and there through the heathen, and I see that they flow in wealth, and think not upon thy commandments.”
“Why the law of our forefathers are brought to nought, and the written covenants come to none effect-”
“Wherefore the present age is given up as a reproach to the heathen, and for what cause the people whom thou hast loved is given over unto ungodly nations?!”
“We convince ourselves that life will be better after we get married, have a baby, then another. Then we are frustrated that the kids aren't old enough and we'll be more content when they are. After that we're frustrated that we have teenagers to deal with. We will certainly be happy when they are out of that stage. We tell ourselves that our life will be complete when our spouse gets his or her act together, when we get a nicer car, are able to go on a nice vacation, when we retire. The truth is, there's no better time to be happy than right now. Your life will always be filled with challenges. It's best to admit this to yourself and decide to be happy anyway. One of my favorite quotes comes from Alfred D Souza. He said, "For a long time it had seemed to me that life was about to begin - real life. But there was always some obstacle in the way, something to be gotten through first, some unfinished business, time still to be served, a debt to be paid. Then life would begin. At last it dawned on me that these obstacles were my life."This perspective has helped me to see that there is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way. So, treasure every moment that you have. Stop waiting until you finish school, until you go back to school, until you lose ten pounds, until you gain ten pounds, until you have kids, until your kids leave the house, until you start work, until you retire, until you get married, until you get divorced, until Friday night, until Sunday morning, until you get a new car or home, until your car or home is paid off, until spring, until summer, until fall, until winter, until you are off welfare, until the first or fifteenth, until your song comes on, until you've had a drink, until you've sobered up, until you die, until you are born again to decide that there is no better time than right now to be happy.”
“I beseech thee, O Lord, let me have understanding: For it was not my mind to be curious of the high things, but of such as pass by us daily.”
“The greatest futility! says the congregator, "The greatest futility! Everything is futile!" What does a person gain from all his hard work- At which he toils under the sun? A generation goes and another cometh forth, but the earth remains the same.”
“As thou know not what is the way of the spirit, nor how the bones do grow in the womb of her that is with child: even so thou know not the works of what makes all.”
“In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for thou know not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good.”
“Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun: But if a man live many years, and rejoice in them all; yet let him remember the days of darkness; for they shall be many. And all that cometh is vanity.”
“These be they that have put off the mortal clothing, and put on the immortal, and have confessed the name of God: now are they crowned, and receive palms.”
“Go thy way, and tell my people, the people of thy Lord God what manner of things, and how great wonders of the Lord thy God, thou hast seen.”
“We pass away out of the world as grasshoppers, and our life is astonishment and fear, and we are not worthy to obtain mercy.”
“Weigh thou therefore their wickedness now in the balance, and theirs also that dwell the world; and so shall thy name no where be found anymore.”
“When was it that they who dwell upon the earth have not sinned in thy sight? or what people have so kept thy commandments? Thou shall find that you all by name had kept thy precepts; but not the heathen.”
“For like as the ground is given unto the wood, and the sea to his floods: even so they that dwell upon the earth may understand nothing but that which is upon the earth: and he that dwell above the heavens may only understand the things that are above the height of the heavens.”
“Go thy way, weigh me the weight of the fire, or measure me the blast of the wind, or call me again the day that is past.”
“What man is able to do that, that thou should ask such things of me?”
“If I should ask thee how great dwellings are in the midst of the sea, or how many springs are in the beginning of the deep, or how many springs are above the firmament, or which are the outgoings of paradise: Peradventure thou would say unto me, ‘I never went down into the deep, nor as yet into hell, neither did I ever climb up into heaven.”
“Nevertheless now have I asked thee but only of the fire and wind, and of the day where-through thou hast passed, and of things from which thou canst not be separated, and yet canst thou give me no answer of them.”
“Thine own things, and such as are grown up with thee, canst thou not know; How should thy vessel then be able to comprehend the way of the Highest, and, the world being now outwardly corrupted to understand the corruption that is evident in my sight?”
“It were better that we were not at all, than that we should live still in wickedness, and to suffer, and not to know wherefore.”
“I went into a forest into a plain, and the trees took counsel- And said, Come, let us go and make war against the sea that it may depart away before us, and that we may make us more woods. The floods of the sea also in like manner took counsel, and said, Come, let us go up and subdue the woods of the plain, that there also we may make us another country. The thought of the wood was in vain, for the fire came and consumed it. The thought of the floods of the sea came likewise to nought, for the sand stood up and stopped them. If thou wart judge now betwixt these two, whom would thou begin to justify? or whom would thou condemn?”
“Verily it is a foolish thought that they both have devised, for the ground is given unto the wood, and the sea also had its place to bear its floods.”
“Thou hast given a right judgment, but why judge thou not thyself also?”
“Thy heart had gone too far in this world, and think thou to comprehend the way of the most High?”
“Another company came up with an even more brilliant idea --- that nobody could own their own cubicle -- designing the system such that those who showed up to work earliest in the morning could claim the ones closest to the windows. None of the cubicles had anything but a desk, a place to connect a computer, and a chair. No one could establish a sense of connection to their workspace. Ultimately, by setting the atmosphere this way, the company communicated to the employees that they are valued only for their direct productivity and that they are easily replaceable.”
“To be happy, find out what is making you unhappy and change that. Reverse, RE-CHOICE and REJOICE!”
“Everyone in this world is Abhimanyu, the difference being that most of us are trapped in a labyrinth of our own creation. It takes a lifetime for people to realise that the way out lies in their own hands. All it requires is a little introspection.”
“Move on! Move on! Don't let anything Stop you. Go on and make your Dreams come true.”
“Relax, Recharge and Reflect. Sometimes it’s OK to do nothing.”
“If I’m going to have hope, I’m going to have to learn to endure disappointment.”
“May the fire in your soul, burn down all the fences and walls which this society is trying to build around you.”
“Don’t be afraid of exploring your capabilities, of seeking adventures, of searching for answers, of pushing the envelope, of finding gaps between the fences. Don’t, be afraid... Period. Life is too short to be a wuss.”
“However bad life may seem, where there is life, there is hope.”
“Survivors don't allow the word QUIT in their dictionary because they know the art of staying positive in any kind of negative situation.""BE A SURVIVOR”
“I have attended weddings, with chipped nail paints.I have worn same blue denim for days in a row.I have not followed etiquette sometimes, I was too happy to bother.I have picked up fights, ugly ones too.I have been notorious because I stood up for myself.I have flaws. I am flawed.But I have come to realize,It’s okay to life a life others don’t understand.My life should be my LIBERATION,Not anyone’s REGULATION.”
“Motivating employees to work at their full potential is the main premise of successful management.”
“The Yogic system does not talk about God. It does not talk about the soul or heaven. Such talk invariably makes people hallucinatory. Yoga talks only about the barriers that you have set up, because this resistance is all that needs to be attended to. The creator is not looking for your attention. The ropes that bind you and the walls that block you- these are one hundred percent of your making. And these are all you need to unknot and dismantle. You have no work with existence. You only have work with the existence that you created.”
“Beautiful relations are based on bricks of trust, sometimes situations become unfriendly with no logical reasons behind it, some are eye-openers and some make you realize your faults , but if your intentions are right be bold enough to face all oppositions.”
“Your vibes define your character.Be the one for whom people demand,When you know you are destined for greatness,You feel incomplete until you succeed.”
“Maybe there wasn't, after all, a clear motivation for any of the things that people did. Maybe they just did them for no reason at all or because of stupidity or selfishness or cowardice or anger or for reasons that made no rational sense - because the clouds happened to be a particularly gloomy shade of gray that day, because the barking of an old dog chained to a sycamore tree just happened to sound exactly like the crunch of soldiers' boots on gravel or the hum of bees like an engine in the head driving you mad.”
“You asked about important factors in management. I think the answer is quite simple – the most important factor is motivation.”
“Managers can use power, money or certain circumstances to achieve short-term results. However, motivation is crucial for achieving long-term results.”
“In a society, IF people place intellect and ethics above money &amp; material , the nation is on the ascendancy. But when it is the reverse, that is, money and material are more important, then it is an indication that the nation is becoming decadent.”
“Life is not a puzzle to solve. Stop, Enjoy the Journey!”
“In Life, while you must achieve and you must do your best to achieve, don’t forget to enjoy Life because the Journey will be soon over.”
“If you can't remember past history, don't worry;you are born to create a history for the future”
“Mind with full of creative ideas and new thoughts, doesn't care what other will say or think.”
“Without the nourishment of the soul, there is no strength of spirit.”
“Given that I don’t know anything, when I am making up stories about the future, why not make it a good story instead of a scary one?”
“Do you have a clear Direction of Life or are you merely floating down the river of Life like a dead fish?”
“Be your own star..”
“- Ime i prezime? - zapitala je gospođa knjižničarka pogleda uprtog u članske iskaznice. - Ja sam... - prošaptalo je makovo zrno. - Ja sam... Tomičin tata. - Tomičin tata! Tata budućeg pisca! - uskliknula je gospođa knjižničarka i podigla pogled. Joj, da! Gospođa knjižničarka podigla je pogled i sledila se. - Oh, čovječe! - rekla je i zaprepašteno prinijela ruku ustima. Ispred nje stajao je čovjek koji dugo, dugo, dugo nije čitao. Dvadeset godina, možda i više! To se sasvim lijepo moglo vidjeti. Pretjerano ozbiljno lice, bore između obrva, usnice izvijene prema dolje...Da, i taj pogled, bez zvijezda, taman i hladan kao polarna noć...- Oh, čovječe, kako se osjećate? - pitala je zabrinuto gospođa knjižničarka.- Loše - rekao je tata i uzdahnuo. - Da, da - kimnula je knjižničarka sućutno i poput liječnika postavila dijagnozu:- Imaginatio destructiva progressiva.- Što? - zgranuo se tata. - Bolestan sam!?Tata nije razumio latinski, ali je slutio da je u pitanju bolest. Na posljetku, latinski je mrtav jezik. - Poremećaj mašte zbog nedostatka vitamina - tužno je zaključila gospođa knjižničarka. - No možda nije tako strašno! - tješila je knjižničarka tatu. Treba obaviti i dodatne pretrage. Hajde, zaklopite oči i zamislite... zamislite... zmaja!”
“Make your body your sacred dweller.”
“When I act, I act on behalf of who or what I love. Even when I have to fight against something, it is because of what I value and love.”
“You are constantly becoming what you have been deserving to be, and if you do not like the scripting, you have all the means to change it for better.”
“Alone, we are great, but together, we are better.”
“Information can compel us to want to take action, but information, by itself, is often not enough to motivate action or change.”
“Is it possible to choose your reaction to whatever happens? Yes, it is. Reaction is a CHOICE and we must consciously cultivate the habit of reacting Positively.”
“If you are in hard times, ask yourself: “What would this problem and my life mean to people two hundred years from now?”
“Learn to accept and bend like the willow. For if you resist, you will break like the oak.”
“The Secret to FlightDon't flap your wings so hard. It only exhausts you. Close your eyes. Lean into the currents, say yes. Let the wind raise you higher and higher. So easy. That's what Eagles do. Oh, this is the secret to life as well.”
“Success is not in what you have, but who you are.”
“You may not appreciate the value of a key until you encounter the door it locks or unlocks.”
“Study the lives of highly successful people from any corner of life, across history, in any environment, and you will discover they share one trait: They keep moving forward. Sometimes slowly. Often with great difficulty. Frequently after painful mistakes, defeats, or failures. Success is less about talent and opportunities, and more about commitment and motivation.”
“The song in my heart makes me glad.”
“People tend to accept information that confirms their existing beliefs and feelings, and reject information that contradicts them. This is called “motivated reasoning,” and it means that providing people with corrective information often does not work and may even strengthen their original beliefs. This also means that when people receive new information, their existing beliefs and feelings may have more influence over whether they believe or reject this information than rational reasoning.”
“Anybody can Earn and Die, leaving a will and legacy. Only the courageous ones can give away all they have while they are Alive.”
“Compassion, not castigation is the way to help a person become better.”
“It’s been you all along, and it’ll be you all the way. Learn to play up your strengths, embrace your flaws, and pursue your passions. Be gentle when your mind, body, or soul are tired. Value your time and surround yourself with those who do too. Above all, give your dreams the same respect you grant to others’. This is the starting point of all great brand builders: self-empathy.”
“If the tenacity of flowing water weakens the structure of a solid rock, what more; if the ordinary visionaries become just as tenacious.”
“In the journey of life, we pass pleasures &amp; pain. There will be sunshine and rain; there will be loss and gain. But we must learn to smile again and again.”
“My strength is in the Lord.”
“Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!”
“Network marketing is not for everyone because, NOT EVERYONE has goals. Stop trying to make everyone around you goal-oriented.”
“As we trust in God, we shall triumph in any trouble.”
“I do not feel any obligations toward my lineage, or environment,but an inclination to what feels right.”
“So... are you also chasing butterflies?”
“People don’t have Guts to leave their Ruts because of their ''Buts''.”
“Seek awaken of being.”
“A woman was counting her grams of gold in Sorrow while another, who had nothing, still counted her Blessings in Joy. Happiness is not what you HAVE, but how you FEEL.”
“Every thought you cultivate is a brushstroke on the canvas of your life. Your life then, is an outer picture of your inner thoughts.”
“Even with all the Lace, you can't be an Ace without God's grace.”
“What a paradox! People hate to be miserable but choose to be miserable. Remember this the next time misery arrives.”
“To discover the original plan of God is to manifest the work of creation”
“The resistance, though it comes in many forms, begins with the mistaken belief that I am somehow separate from change, and that I can control it, rather than to align myself with change as it makes itself apparent, and ride it.”
“The flow of the movement of change will be impeded wherever healing has not occurred.”
“What is the Power that transcends one from Achievement to Fulfillment? The Power of Inspiration!”
“Don't be afraid that things are changing, because indeed they always are.”
“Each day wake up and ask yourself what will make you feel most alive that day.”
“Don't let past mistakes make you lose hope of achieving good. Some of those with the worst past have made a great future for themselves.”
“At the very moment when people underestimate you is when you can make a breakthrough.”
“Don't be distracted by the noise going on. Pause &amp; reflect. You'll realize how much time you've wasted on all that nonsense around you.”
“She is that maze,the one you would love to chase.She is the faith,quite missing nowadays.And her heart is a rave,with hopeless barricades.She is the one,whose tears flow,just as lavishly,as her laughter roars!”
“Don't ask God to show you the way if you're not willing to get moving.”
“We have never been outnumbered, we have only been out organized.”
“Learning starts with single word "WHY".”
“Her question was clear-“Father, where does the Loss reside?”In the sighs?Cheeks with tears wiped?A lost appetite?Owning a room confined?Or in the smiles all falsified?Thus, the Father decide,It is no matter to hide, he replied-“I think its deep inside,Probably,In the layers of your soul,Where the body provides it,Ample food to be-Magnified, multiplied, intensified.But once you clarify,That its not to be occupied inside,It starves of supplies,And dies.So child, when there is loss,Make sure you refuse to invite it inward, And absolutely never make it your lifelong parasite.”
“May your heart be filled with happiness.”
“Kind words make heart tender.”
“Let your home be a heavenly paradise.”
“Let your Creed be to do a Good Deed. When your Focus is on your Need instead of your Greed, you will succeed.”
“I’d rather live one year with Love, Peace &amp; Joy, than live 10 years with Worry, Anxiety &amp; Hatred. It is not how long I live but how well I live.”
“Those who have the FREEDOM to Row can get to where they want to Go!”
“So what motivates you more? The fear of failure or the fantastic feeling of achieving your dreams?”
“If you are not Happier than someone, you can’t be Wealthier than him. True Wealth is the Joy that comes from being Content with what you have.”
“Life is a Treasure Hunt and we all have the key to it. Unfortunately, many of us don’t unlock it, but take the key to our grave.”
“Enjoy life to the fullness.”
“A vision is distant voyage.”
“Purpose is that Power that will propel you to get out of bed each morning and push you to make your Dreams come true.”
“Time is a valuable treasure.”
“If you have life, strength and time, it is enough to perform your sacred task.”
“We have time to accomplish the task.”
“If we read, we shall renew our mind.”
“Money can only used to buy man-made goods.”
“As long as we persevere, we shall succeed in any endeavour.”
“To achieve something, you need to be a little selfish...!!”
“Make your heart your heaven.”
“In the world we live, we don’t create or destroy- we just convert entities from one form to another. Loss and Sorrow too. If these are growing in your life- remember you are feeding them.”
“The point of living in the world is just to stay interested.”
“Poetry empowers the simplest of lives to confront the most extreme sorrows with courage, and motivates the mightiest of offices to humbly heed lessons in compassion.”
“Add your splash of color to the world.”
“If you want to change yourself, you have to change your point of view.”
“I’ve never been motivated by money – it doesn’t drive Me.”
“When we start a new task, or confront an unpleasant chore, we should take a moment to ask ourselves "why.”
“I might be broke but I am not Broken”
“I am LIMITLESS not bent by the foundations of my own mind.I can create endless possibilities with the world as my canvas”
“A fortress doesn’t fall unless its towers are weakened.”
“My life is circus”
“You may have Limitations, but don't let the Limitations Limit you!”
“you are not the storythey keep telling about youover and over again.you are not even the storyyou keep telling yourself.there are no linesthat can hold you.there are not enough wordsfor all the more that you are.”
“It's not about the words that come out of your mouth. It's about the words that come out of your heart.”
“When you know what you're doing, you can do what you want." -Moshe Feldenkrais”
“You needed a vision of the future in order to get anywhere; you couldn't live life thinking you were always about to fall off a cliff.”
“The more I change my old habits of thinking as that little boy with the shell, the easier it is for me to truly be the person I’ve chosen to be.”
“Do you earn for others to burn? Why not GIVE as you LIVE, so that when you die, the world will cry.”
“Those who Discover the High Sea are the ones who are FREE to Be what they Want to Be.”
“The way in which the world is imagined determines at any particular moment what men will do.”
“Today is a tomorrow that we thought about yesterday. Don't worry about tomorrow. Take care of today because if you take care of today tomorrow will take care of itself.”
“Our differences are the real treasures.”
“It is easy to accept a deal, but hard to refuse it.”
“Nobody can steal your Peace of mind, but you can surely throw it away by letting negativity into your Life.”
“Without the rocks, the streams will lose their song”
“I have seen what hard work can do, and I know what more it can and will do.”
“Great hopes make everything great possible.”
“What if one thing resonates with everybody, but it's not the same for anybody?”
“Im that tree who is alone and the most greener compared to those brown forest”
“the more pretty the face is " , "the more dirty past it has”
“achieving me is like turning your black money into white :')”
“Don’t be afraid. Be focused. Be determined. Be hopeful. Be empowered.”
“I was taught that the way of progress is neither swift nor easy.”
“Ô, the wine of a womanfrom heaven is sent, more perfect than allthat a man can invent.When she came to my bed and begged me with sighsnot to tempt her towards passion nor actions unwise, 	I told her I’d spare her and kissed her closed eyes, then unbraided her body of its clothing disguise.While our bodies were nude bathed in candlelight fineI devoured her mouth, tender lips divine;and I drank through her thighs her feminine wine.Ô, the wine of a woman from heaven is sent,more perfect than all that a man can invent.”
“Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see farther.”
“One day, all your worries will set like the sun does and deserved happiness will come gushing like waves at the beach do. All you need to make sure id that your trips to beach never end.”
“Your message is only as loud as the actions that accompany it. Live your message and it will be heard loud and clear.”
“One day, all your worries will set like the sun does and deserved happiness will come gushing like waves at the beach do. All you need to make sure is that your trips to beach never end.”
“The greatest lesson of life is that you are responsible for your life.”
“Speak positivity to yourself daily and repeatedly. You can manifest positivity into your life simply by speaking it and believing it. When you're able to speak and see what you want for yourself, you will be able to make the things you seek a reality!”
“Yesterday was just the tip of the iceberg of awesomeness. Things will get better. Keep smiling, don't give up just yet. Perseverance has an amazing gift for you, just wait you see.”
“People spend their lives in the service of their passions instead of employing their passions in the service of their lives.”
“A good plan is like a road map: It shows the final destination and usually the best way to get there.”
“Sometimes the best helping hand you can get is a good, firm push.”
“Time flies. It’s up to you to be the navigator.”
“If you listen to everybody, you will be nobody.”
“Choice, not chance, determines human destiny.”
“Determine never to be idle. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.”
“For every disadvantage there is a corresponding advantage.”
“Life without risk is not worth living.”
“Dare to share for to Give is to truly Live.”
“When you dare to dream, dare to follow that dream; dare to suffer through the pain, sacrifice, self-doubts and friction from the world.”
“Each man is the architect of his own fortune.”
“When you affirm big, believe big and pray big, putting faith into action, big things happen.”
“Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire, and begin at once, whether you’re ready or not, to put it into action.”
“As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.”
“Don’t play for safety. It’s the most dangerous thing in the world.”
“Positive Power can inspire; Negative Power can perspire. Which power are you on?”
“You promote yourself every time you take on a new responsibility.”
“Your greatness is measured by your horizons.”
“Successful people recognize crisis as a time for change – from lesser to greater, smaller to bigger.”
“No one will come and save you. No one will come riding on a white horse and take all your worries away. You have to save yourself, little by little, day by day. Build yourself a home. Take care of your body. Find something to work on. Something that makes you excited, something you want to learn. Get yourself some books and learn them by heart. Get to know the author, where he grew up, what books he read himself. Take yourself out for dinner. Dress up for no one but you and simply feel nice. it’s a lovely feeling, to feel pretty. You don’t need anyone to confirm it.”
“I honor you for every timethis year you:got back upvibrated highershined your lightand loved and elevatedbeyond—the call of duty.”
“A lot can be changed in a span of a year. A thousand lives can be moulded, a lot many lessons can be learnt and life can show its unpredictability. Even so, one year is enough to prove to yourself that you are worth the struggle that you undertake just to reap a momentary fruit of that labour. If fighting a new fight keeps us motivated each year, so be it. Here is wishing every fighter, struggling to make a break and succeed in life a memorable New Year. Do what you do best and don't trade your passion for fame but rather earn the fame through your passion. May your fight be fruitful this year and your name engraved in hearts of horde in the form of your work.A Happy New Year to all my well wishers, peers, friends, colleagues, acquaintances and readers. May your year be blessed with good fortune and health with added wealth.My message this New Year is that in a world full of possibilities never limit yourself to the sky for what is sky when there is endless darkness beyond to lighten up. Take care.”
“Gratitude is a powerful catalyst for happiness. It’s the spark that lights a fire of joy in your soul.”
“It's too late,' she says.And I say 'It's never too late.”
“You will never get the best out of anyone professionally unless you understand what motivates and makes them tick personally - as a human being”
“The final magnificent spark of a firework is only the last seconds of the fall. Though it’s invisible to most, it’s the way up that creates all the impact. ”
“Behind every person there lies a story which makes them what they are. Many a time, the story isn’t known to anybody.”
“When the inner Spirit has Liberation, Inspiration is born!”
“Would you prefer to drag through life for 100 years or live with excitement for 50?”
“They say “The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step’”Get up and take that step!Take baby steps if you want but go for it,Wait no longer…START IT!”
“Smile all the While. Don't let miseries Pile! For life is just a Mile.”
“A flower blossoms when there is sunlight,It closes itself in the absence of light..But I am a tree..I keep expanding even at night,I blossom even in the absence of sunlight!Because I trust myself more than anything else,I rely on myself more than anybody else!Self-confidence is indeed my power,Don’t forget..I am a tree..not a flower!”
“Learn to be Positive always. In pleasure or Pain, in Sun or Rain, in Loss or Gain, always be POSITIVE!”
“I don't want to be a kitten anymore. Give me my honorary claws so I can become a lion.”
“Passion is the fuel for excellence. Rest, vacation or a payrise can't make you create excellence in your work. Findbwhat makes you passionate about what you do”
“Dear 2016,If I has any defeats in your term, I am glad they were on my terms!Best,The Defeated Winner”
“Happiness does not come from making money. It comes from spending it. Most people are doing otherwise.”
“Enjoy the Bliss of just Being…Without being dependent on anything!”
“As much as we can fight for material related dreams, we must also fight for intangible progression, in terms of improving our selves. Financial success is important but it doesn't supersede the success of being the best version of your self.. Fight for that, live for that, it will make you powerful, be the best version of your self.....”
“There’s usually more than one way to complete a task. I will not stay stuck in my ways. I will remain motivated and open-minded.”
“Birds fly in the sky without the fear of fall. We too must have the Courage to take Risks and grow tall.”
“Don't lose today …for today is guaranteed but tomorrow is not.”
“Knowledge is NOT power. The correct application of knowledge is power.”
“Failure is not an option. Keep going!”
“You’re perfect! You have everything you need to fulfill your purpose.”
“She is the force, that you end upreading about in thick novels. She is the kind of woman, you adore,for being so content with messy hair.She is the kind, who woulddecline whatever the mankind would exalt-and redesign everything that isinclined to remind herof how strongly, the society wants her confined.To this girl, on a romantic date,he asked the question inaccurate-"Honey, why do you always take the roadthat is so untold, hard and loathed?"She thought of giving him a second chance,and resisting any anger-loaded advance,She replied, "Why do you speculate, that I choose my fate,imagining there are two roads?”
“A Rival Can Become an Important Ally If WE Find A Common Ground”
“If you live in Fear, Success will disappear.”
“Chase Dreams, Not People.The right people will be drawn to you.”
