“I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.”
“The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.”
“Dare to BeWhen a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light.When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it.When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway.When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back.When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some.When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going.When times are tough, dare to be tougher.When love hurts you, dare to love again.When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal.When another is lost, dare to help them find the way.When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand.When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile.When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too.When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best.Dare to be the best you can –At all times, Dare to be!”
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.”
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.”
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.”
“Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.”
“The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.”
“Dare to BeWhen a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light.When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it.When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway.When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back.When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some.When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going.When times are tough, dare to be tougher.When love hurts you, dare to love again.When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal.When another is lost, dare to help them find the way.When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand.When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile.When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too.When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best.Dare to be the best you can –At all times, Dare to be!”
“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”
“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.”
“Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.”
“Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.”
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.”
“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.”
“Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.”
“Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.”
“You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.”
“Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.”
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”
“Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.”
“The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.”
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.”
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.”
“Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.”
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.”
“Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.”
“Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.”
“Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.”
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.”
“When in a relationship, a real man doesn't make his woman jealous of others, he makes others jealous of his woman.”
“If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.”
“Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.”
“Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams:Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.”
“When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.”
“At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”
“Strong people have a strong sense of self-worth and self-awareness; they don’t need the approval of others.”
“We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.”
“Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.”
“Circumstances are the rulers of the weak; they are but the instruments of the wise.”
“You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.”
“Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.”
“I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.”
“Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.”
“If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”
“Do what you love, love what you do, and with all your heart give yourself to it.”
“Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.”
“Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.”
“The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.”
“It's never too late to change your life for the better. You don't have to take huge steps to change your life. Making even the smallest changes to your daily routine can make a big difference to your life.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart.”
“To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.”
“People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.”
“Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ”
“Get Off The Scale!You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable. Day after day, countless people across the globe get on a scale in search of validation of beauty and social acceptance.Get off the scale! I have yet to see a scale that can tell you how enchanting your eyes are. I have yet to see a scale that can show you how wonderful your hair looks when the sun shines its glorious rays on it. I have yet to see a scale that can thank you for your compassion, sense of humor, and contagious smile. Get off the scale because I have yet to see one that can admire you for your perseverance when challenged in life.It’s true, the scale can only give you a numerical reflection of your relationship with gravity. That’s it. It cannot measure beauty, talent, purpose, life force, possibility, strength, or love. Don’t give the scale more power than it has earned. Take note of the number, then get off the scale and live your life. You are beautiful!”
“If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.”
“The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.”
“However mean your life is, meet it and live it; do not shun it and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are. It looks poorest when you are richest. The fault-finder will find faults even in paradise. Love your life, poor as it is. You may perhaps have some pleasant, thrilling, glorious hours, even in a poorhouse. The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode; the snow melts before its door as early in the spring. I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there, and have as cheering thoughts, as in a palace.”
“Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!”
“Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.”
“You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.”
“How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.”
“What's done is done. What's gone is gone. One of life's lessons is always moving on. It’s okay to look back to see how far you’ve come but keep moving forward.”
“Live the Life of Your DreamsWhen you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.”
“You Are the Master of Your AttitudeYou cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.”
“Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.”
“I write for the same reason I breathe - because if I didn't, I would die.”
“You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.”
“Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.”
“Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.”
“You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.”
“In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.”
“Each day brings new opportunities, allowing you to constantly live with love—be there for others—bring a little light into someone's day. Be grateful and live each day to the fullest.”
“The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!”
“You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.”
“Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better.”
“Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.”
“If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.”
“Be the positive impact on the lives of others.”
“One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you"...whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it...cause a smile today for someone else...and give plenty of hugs.”
“Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.”
“Discipline Your Mind to Think Positively: Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions? Let today be the day…You stand strong in the truth of your beauty and journey through your day without attachment to the validation of others”
“Don't confuse poor decision-making with destiny. Own your mistakes. It’s ok; we all make them. Learn from them so they can empower you!”
“Why Not You?Today, many will awaken with a fresh sense of inspiration. Why not you?Today, many will open their eyes to the beauty that surrounds them. Why not you?Today, many will choose to leave the ghost of yesterday behind and seize the immeasurable power of today. Why not you?Today, many will break through the barriers of the past by looking at the blessings of the present. Why not you?Today, for many the burden of self doubt and insecurity will be lifted by the security and confidence of empowerment. Why not you?Today, many will rise above their believed limitations and make contact with their powerful innate strength. Why not you?Today, many will choose to live in such a manner that they will be a positive role model for their children. Why not you?Today, many will choose to free themselves from the personal imprisonment of their bad habits. Why not you?Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you?Today, many will find abundance in simplicity. Why not you?Today, many will be confronted by difficult moral choices and they will choose to do what is right instead of what is beneficial. Why not you?Today, many will decide to no longer sit back with a victim mentality, but to take charge of their lives and make positive changes. Why not you?Today, many will take the action necessary to make a difference. Why not you?Today, many will make the commitment to be a better mother, father, son, daughter, student, teacher, worker, boss, brother, sister, &amp; so much more. Why not you?Today is a new day!Many will seize this day.Many will live it to the fullest.Why not you?”
“Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.”
“I cannot let the fear of the past color the future.”
“Don't fear failure. — Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.”
“Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge &amp; harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.”
“Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.”
“It doesn't matter what you did or where you were...it matters where you are and what you're doing. Get out there! Sing the song in your heart and NEVER let anyone shut you up!!”
“It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.”
“Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.”
“It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.”
“Time is an equal opportunity employer. Each human being has exactly the same number of hours and minutes every day. Rich people can't buy more hours. Scientists can't invent new minutes. And you can't save time to spend it on another day. Even so, time is amazingly fair and forgiving. No matter how much time you've wasted in the past, you still have an entire tomorrow.”
“7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name.2. Express sincere gratitude.3. Do more listening than talking.4. Talk more about them than about you.5. Be authentically interested.6. Be sincere in your praise.7. Show you care.”
“Don’t wait for things to happen. Make them happen.”
“You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.”
“Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.”
“What you stay focused on will grow.”
“Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.”
“When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.”
“Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.”
“Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.”
“Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you,Nor judge of a road till it draw to the end.”
“Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.”
“The one who falls and gets up is stronger than the one who never tried. Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.”
“Stop doing what is easy. Start doing what is right.”
“You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.”
“Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.”
“My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.”
“One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: ‘To rise above little things’.”
“Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance. This is the law of nature.”
“You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.”
“Perfectly ImperfectWe have all heard that no two snowflakes are alike. Each snowflake takes the perfect form for the maximum efficiency and effectiveness for its journey. And while the universal force of gravity gives them a shared destination, the expansive space in the air gives each snowflake the opportunity to take their own path. They are on the same journey, but each takes a different path.Along this gravity-driven journey, some snowflakes collide and damage each other, some collide and join together, some are influenced by wind... there are so many transitions and changes that take place along the journey of the snowflake. But, no matter what the transition, the snowflake always finds itself perfectly shaped for its journey. I find parallels in nature to be a beautiful reflection of grand orchestration. One of these parallels is of snowflakes and us. We, too, are all headed in the same direction. We are being driven by a universal force to the same destination. We are all individuals taking different journeys and along our journey, we sometimes bump into each other, we cross paths, we become altered... we take different physical forms. But at all times we too are 100% perfectly imperfect. At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey. I’m not perfect for your journey and you’re not perfect for my journey, but I’m perfect for my journey and you’re perfect for your journey. We’re heading to the same place, we’re taking different routes, but we’re both exactly perfect the way we are. Think of what understanding this great orchestration could mean for relationships. Imagine interacting with others knowing that they too each share this parallel with the snowflake. Like you, they are headed to the same place and no matter what they may appear like to you, they have taken the perfect form for their journey. How strong our relationships would be if we could see and respect that we are all perfectly imperfect for our journey.”
“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also....but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.”
“Beliefs are choices. First you choose your beliefs. Then your beliefs affect your choices.”
“It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.”
“You are essentially who you create yourself to be and all that occurs in your life is the result of your own making.”
“Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.”
“Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your DreamsDistance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life.Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.”
“The reason many people in our society are miserable, sick, and highly stressed is because of an unhealthy attachment to things they have no control over.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most. You have to change your priorities over time.”
“Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.”
“Stop doing what is easy or popular. Start doing what is right.”
“Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.”
“When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.”
“Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.”
“To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.”
“You are not a victim. No matter what you have been through, you're still here. You may have been challenged, hurt, betrayed, beaten, and discouraged, but nothing has defeated you. You are still here! You have been delayed but not denied. You are not a victim, you are a victor. You have a history of victory.”
“Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.”
“Let go of something old that no longer serves you in order to make room for something new.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.”
“Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others.”
“Great Leaders Create More LeadersGood leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.”
“Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.”
“Life teaches us the right path is rarely the easy one.”
“Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.”
“LAW 4 Always Say Less Than Necessary When you are trying to impress people with words, the more you say, the more common you appear, and the less in control. Even if you are saying something banal, it will seem original if you make it vague, open-ended, and sphinxlike. Powerful people impress and intimidate by saying less. The more you say, the more likely you are to say something foolish.”
“Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you.”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.”
“This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!”
“The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same.”
“First say to yourself what you would be;and then do what you have to do.”
“Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.”
“Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.”
“LAW 46Never Appear Too PerfectAppearing better than others is always dangerous, but most dangerous of all is to appear to have no faults or weaknesses. Envy creates silent enemies. It is smart to occasionally display defects, and admit to harmless vices, in order to deflect envy and appear more human and approachable. Only gods and the dead can seem perfect with impunity.”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped worrying about things you can’t control and started focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day…You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take effective action on things you can change.”
“The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.”
“Be with someone who inspires you and makes you be the best version of yourself.”
“I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.”
“No one has ever achieved greatness without dreams.”
“Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.”
“Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.”
“Failures are the stairs we climb to reach success.”
“You can have everything you want if you can put your heart and soul into everything you do.”
“Create a vision for the life you really want and then work relentlessly towards making it a reality.”
“Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.”
“Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life. Simplify. Look within. Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.”
“How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.”
“No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.”
“Today is a new day. Don't let your history interfere with your destiny! Let today be the day you stop being a victim of your circumstances and start taking action towards the life you want. You have the power and the time to shape your life. Break free from the poisonous victim mentality and embrace the truth of your greatness. You were not meant for a mundane or mediocre life!”
“Change course, but don’t give up.”
“After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have finally opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, sparkling with color, bountiful with life. Within decades we must close our eyes again. Isn’t it a noble, an enlightened way of spending our brief time in the sun, to work at understanding the universe and how we have come to wake up in it? This is how I answer when I am asked—as I am surprisingly often—why I bother to get up in the mornings.”
“Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.”
“Do not let your negative thoughts have power over you because those thoughts will end up controlling your life. No one can live a positive life with a negative mind.”
“There is no more profitable investment than investing in yourself. It is the best investment you can make; you can never go wrong with it. It is the true way to improve yourself to be the best version of you and lets you be able to best serve those around you.”
“LAW 25Re-Create YourselfDo not accept the roles that society foists on you. Re-create yourself by forging a new identity, one that commands attention and never bores the audience. Be the master of your own image rather than letting others define if for you. Incorporate dramatic devices into your public gestures and actions – your power will be enhanced and your character will seem larger than life.”
“The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.”
“If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.”
“There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.”
“To overcome fear is the quickest way to gain your self-confidence.”
“One must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.”
“Your complaints, your drama, your victim mentality, your whining, your blaming, and all of your excuses have NEVER gotten you even a single step closer to your goals or dreams. Let go of your nonsense. Let go of the delusion that you DESERVE better and go EARN it! Today is a new day!”
“LAW 38Think As You Like But Behave Like OthersIf you make a show of going against the times, flaunting your unconventional ideas and unorthodox ways, people will think that you only want attention and that you look down upon them. They will find a way to punish you for making them feel inferior. It is far safer to blend in and nurture the common touch. Share your originality only with tolerant friends and those who are sure to appreciate your uniqueness.”
“Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.”
“You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.”
“If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.”
“Be careful the stories you're telling yourself about your current circumstances; a head full of negative thoughts has no space for positive ones.”
“You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.”
“There are some values that you should never compromise on to stay true to yourself; you should be brave to stand up for what you truly believe in even if you stand alone.”
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself. Believe in yourself, your abilities and your own potential. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. You are worthy of all that you dream of and hope for.”
“What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.”
“...yelling doesn't make a thing any more possible.”
“It is impossible to discourage the real writers - they don't give a damn what you say, they're going to write.”
“Every challenge you face today makes you stronger tomorrow. The challenge of life is intended to make you better, not bitter.”
“Make today worth remembering.”
“You have come a long way and have won many battles. Whenever you’re faced with a difficult or challenging situation, you’ll overcome it. Yes, you can.”
“You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.”
“Make the most of what you have and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.”
“Act the way you'd like to be and soon you'll be the way you'd like to act.”
“A gentleman is someone who does not what he wants to do, but what he should do.”
“Life keeps throwing me lemons because I make the best lemonade...”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.”
“Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.”
“Life is short. Focus on what really matters most; you should change your priorities over time.”
“Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don't just give up.”
“The discontent and frustration that you feel is entirely your own creation.”
“Everything is hard before it is easy”
“Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.”
“If you are not the hero of your own story, then you're missing the whole point of your humanity.”
“If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing.”
“Sometimes it's worth lingering on the journey for a while before getting to the destination.”
“A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.”
“War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things: the decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth a war, is much worse. When a people are used as mere human instruments for firing cannon or thrusting bayonets, in the service and for the selfish purposes of a master, such war degrades a people. A war to protect other human beings against tyrannical injustice; a war to give victory to their own ideas of right and good, and which is their own war, carried on for an honest purpose by their free choice, — is often the means of their regeneration. A man who has nothing which he is willing to fight for, nothing which he cares more about than he does about his personal safety, is a miserable creature who has no chance of being free, unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. As long as justice and injustice have not terminated their ever-renewing fight for ascendancy in the affairs of mankind, human beings must be willing, when need is, to do battle for the one against the other.”
“When you concentrate your energy purposely on the future possibility that you aspire to realize, your energy is passed on to it and makes it attracted to you with a force stronger than the one you directed towards it.”
“People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. Live your truth and don't EVER stop!”
“It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives. It's what we do consistently.”
“What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.”
“Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay.”
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.”
“If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.”
“Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can, there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.”
“Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.”
“Sometimes letting go is simply changing the labels you place on an event. Looking at the same event with fresh eyes.”
“Love is as simple as the absence of self given to another. God, when invited, fills the void of any unrequited love; hence loving is how one is drawn closer to God no matter its most horrific repercussions.”
“We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.”
“The most intriguing people you will encounter in this life are the people who had insights about you, that you didn't know about yourself.”
“Set the standard! Stop expecting others to show you love, acceptance, commitment, &amp; respect when you don't even show that to yourself.”
“The most important step a man can take. It's not the first one, is it? It's the next one. Always the next step, Dalinar.”
“No matter what your history has been, your destiny is what you create today. What are you going to create?”
“Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.”
“Do what you think is right. Don't let people make the decision of right or wrong for you.”
“Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.”
“Your opinion is not my reality.”
“God helps those who strut their stuff.”
“The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.”
“Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.”
“You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!”
“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”
“Make your work to be in keeping with your purpose”
“Act as if! Act as if you're a wealthy man, rich already, and then you'll surely become rich. Act as if you have unmatched confidence and then people will surely have confidence in you. Act as if you have unmatched experience and then people will follow your advice. And act as if you are already a tremendous success, and as sure as I stand here today - you will become successful.”
“People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.”
“Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pound ought and six, result misery.”
“Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?”
“The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.”
“I will be generous with my love today. I will sprinkle compliments and uplifting words everywhere I go. I will do this knowing that my words are like seeds and when they fall on fertile soil, a reflection of those seeds will grow into something greater.”
“When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best versions of themselves.”
“Times will change for the better when you change.”
“‎Today is a new day. It's a day you have never seen before and will never see again. Stop telling yourself the 'same crap, different day' lie! How many days has that lie stolen from you? Seize the wonder and uniqueness of today! Recognize that throughout this beautiful day, you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.”
“Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.”
“I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.”
“Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.”
“God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.”
“If you think you are beaten, you areIf you think you dare not, you don't,If you like to win, but you think you can'tIt is almost certain you won't.If you think you'll lose, you're lostFor out of the world we find,Success begins with a fellow's willIt's all in the state of mind.If you think you are outclassed, you areYou've got to think high to rise,You've got to be sure of yourself beforeYou can ever win a prize.Life's battles don't always goTo the stronger or faster man,But soon or late the man who winsIs the man WHO THINKS HE CAN!”
“Holding a grudge &amp; harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.”
“One of the best ways to influence people is to make those around you feel important.”
“And worse I may be yet: the worst is notSo long as we can say 'This is the worst.”
“The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.”
“If you can’t believe in miracles, then believe in yourself. When you want something bad enough, let that drive push you to make it happen. Sometimes you’ll run into brick walls that are put there to test you. Find a way around them and stay focused on your dream. Where there’s a will, there’s a way.”
“If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.”
“The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.”
“Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit.”
“When was the last time you woke up and realized that today could be the best day of your life?”
“Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“الأحلام التي لا تدفعك للتحدث عنها بشغف هي أحلام ناقصة”
“If you have a goal, write it down. If you do not write it down, you do not have a goal - you have a wish.”
“Accept yourself, your strengths, your weaknesses, your truths, and know what tools you have to fulfill your purpose.”
“Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best.”
“Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.”
“Don't give up! It's not over. The universe is balanced. Every set-back bears with it the seeds of a come-back.”
“The scientist does not study nature because it is useful to do so. He studies it because he takes pleasure in it, and he takes pleasure in it because it is beautiful. If nature were not beautiful it would not be worth knowing, and life would not be worth living. I am not speaking, of course, of the beauty which strikes the senses, of the beauty of qualities and appearances. I am far from despising this, but it has nothing to do with science. What I mean is that more intimate beauty which comes from the harmonious order of its parts, and which a pure intelligence can grasp.”
“Once your mindset changes, everything on the outside will change along with it.”
“Dedicate yourself to what gives your life true meaning and purpose; make a positive difference in someone's life.”
“Finding the lesson behind every adversity will be the one important thing that helps get you through it.”
“Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.”
“Either you run the day or the day runs you..”
“How would your life be different if…You didn’t allow yourself to be defined by your past? Let today be the day…You stop letting your history interfere with your destiny and awaken to the opportunity to release your greatest self.”
“Stop blaming outside circumstances for your inside chaos.”
“Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.”
“Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.”
“The greatest revenge is massive success.”
“For your past, for your flaws, and ultimately for your stress; I judge no one whom I’ve met along the way because in a sense we were all wounded in our own ways.”
“Simplify your life. You don't grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual.”
“Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.”
“A great tree develops over time and can tell stories not only those of happiness, but also those that contain pain from what it has seen over the years, and as a result is the wise ancient tree that it is today. As the seasons change, the tree naturally goes through changes as well: where the leaves turn yellow and orange in the fall, falling by the Winter, returning in the Spring, and with full set of new leafs by the Summer. Love is no different in that there will be times when we are fully naked in the Winter, and left to wonder about Spring when it seemed so easy to love, yet the wise tree knows that no winter will last forever no matter how cold it may be.”
“Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.”
“Align yourself with people that you can learn from, people who want more out of life, people who are stretching and searching and seeking some higher ground in life.”
“الأمنيات التي لا تتحقق بسرعة تمنحنا وقتا للدعاء والتأمل”
“The most powerful magic of all is choice.”
“Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.”
“Shoot for the moon, because even if you miss you miss, you'll land in the stars.”
“One day in my shoes and a day for me in your shoes, the beauty of travel lies in the ease and willingness to be more open.”
“Some we proudly display on our arms, while others we shyly conceal. Tattoo the moments of sorrow as well as the moments of splendor and beauty. Tattoo in an acknowledgment and tribute to home, and tattooing your beliefs that define who you are. Whether we intended to or not, every moment of our lives are tattooed to our heart.”
“‎Someone's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.”
“Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy”
“Find a purpose to serve, not a lifestyle to live.”
“Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions!”
“Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!”
“Never let fear hold you captive. Never let self-doubt hold you captive. Never let frustration hold you captive.”
“Great goals make great people. People cannot hit what they do not aim for.”
“Your greatest self has been waiting your whole life; don't make it wait any longer.”
“Goals are the road maps that guide you to your destination. Cultivate the habit of setting clearly-defined written goals; they are the road maps that guide you to your destination.”
“People are successful because they think and act like successful people.”
“We all have negative thoughts now and then, but we can choose not to dwell there and not to let them control us.”
“It’s a lack of clarity that creates chaos and frustration. Those emotions are poison to any living goal.”
“Push yourself to do more and to experience more. Harness your energy to start expanding your dreams. Yes, expand your dreams. Don't accept a life of mediocrity when you hold such infinite potential within the fortress of your mind. Dare to tap into your greatness.”
“Stop comparing yourself to others. Always strive to improve yourself to become better today than you were yesterday to serve those around you and the world.”
“Always Remember to take your Vitamins: Take your Vitamin A for ACTION, Vitamin B for Belief, Vitamin C for Confidence ,Vitamin D for Discipline, Vitamin E for Enthusiasm!!”
“Not all dreamers are winners, but all winners are dreamers. Your dream is the key to your future. The Bible says that, "without a vision (dream), a people perish." You need a dream, if you're going to succeed in anything you do.”
“Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.”
“My atheism, like that of Spinoza, is true piety towards the universe and denies only gods fashioned by men in their own image, to be servants of their human interests.”
“Don't let the tall weeds cast a shadow on the beautiful flowers in your garden.”
“You can't hang around waiting for somebody else to pull your strings. Destiny's what you make of it. You have to face whatever life throws at you. And if it throws more than you'd like, more than you think you can handle? Well then you just have to find the heroism within yourself and play out the hand you've been dealt. The universe never sets a challenge that can't be met. You just need to believe in yourself in order to find the strength to face it.”
“Now is the time to get serious about living your ideals. How long can you afford to put off who you really want to be? Your nobler self cannot wait any longer. Put your principles into practice – now. Stop the excuses and the procrastination. This is your life! You aren’t a child anymore. The sooner you set yourself to your spiritual program, the happier you will be. The longer you wait, the more you’ll be vulnerable to mediocrity and feel filled with shame and regret, because you know you are capable of better. From this instant on, vow to stop disappointing yourself. Separate yourself from the mob. Decide to be extraordinary and do what you need to do – now.”
“Do more listening than talking; talk more about them than about you.”
“A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.”
“We become so absorbed in our flaws and faults that we forget that it is better to be a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. To have flaws is beauty in itself, a fact so frightening that we hurry to hide them from sight and tarnish the whole in the process of comparing ourselves to others.”
“As I naturally go through a full range of emotions in my life, I mustn’t feel ashamed for feeling lost, for it is honest and human to feel such.”
“You make mistakes, mistakes don't make you”
“People in general would rather die than forgive. It's that hard. If God said in plain language. "I'm giving you a choice, forgive or die," a lot of people would go ahead and order their coffin.”
“You can lose your MONEY. You can lose your FRIENDS. You can lose your JOB and you can lose your MARRIAGE...and still recover...as long as there is HOPE. Never lose HOPE.”
“Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you? Do not let another day go by where your dedication to other people's opinions is greater than your dedication to your own emotions! Today's a new day!”
“لا يمكنك أن تُنجز شيئا إذا أعطيته نصف وقتك ولا يمكنك أن تحب شخصا إذا أعطيته نصف قلبك”
“Perfection does not exist -- you can always do better and you can always grow.”
“Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.”
“Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.”
“It's up to you today to start making healthy choices. Not choices that are just healthy for your body, but healthy for your mind.”
“You have two choices, to conquer your fear or to let your fear conquer you.”
“Instead of complaining about the problem and blaming others, start finding the solution.”
“Live life as though nobody is watching, and express yourself as though everyone is listening.”
“You have the ability to choose your reactions.”
“Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.”
“We can't undo a single thing we have ever done, but we can make decisions today that propel us to the life we want and towards the healing we need.”
“You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.”
“The size of your dreams must always exceed your current capacity to achieve them. If your dreams do not scare you, they are not big enough.”
“Ever Tried. Ever Failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.”
“At school, new ideas are thrust at you every day. Out in the world, you'll have to find your inner motivation to seek for new ideas on your own.”
“Because when we give too many fucks, when we choose to give a fuck about everything, then we feel as though we are perpetually entitled to feel comfortable and happy at all times, that’s when life fucks us.”
“If you want to find happiness, find gratitude.”
“One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.”
“Never allow your mind to wander untamed like a wild animal that exists on the basis of survival of the fittest. Tame your mind with consistent focus on your goals and desires.”
“Grateful souls focus on the happiness and abundance present in their lives and this in turn attracts more abundance and joy towards them.”
“With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not die.”
“Orang yang tidak pernah dibakar panas mentari, mustahil menghargai rimbun berteduh - peribahasa Turki.”
“When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.”
“The power to change your life lies in the simplest of steps.”
“What others think about you is none of your business.”
“Manifesting is a lot like making a cake. The things needed are supplied by you, the mixing is done by your mind and the baking is done in the oven of the universe.”
“She remembered who she wasand the game changed.”
“Soar with wit. Conquer with dignity. Handle with care.”
“I will heighten my life by helping others heighten theirs”
“Do you love yourself enough to BE what you love yourself enough to WANT?”
“It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.”
“No one rises to low expectations”
“You are the perfect creation of God. Don't allow you to be down. God is experiencing through you.”
“It’s time to care; it’s time to take responsibility; it’s time to lead; it’s time for a change; it’s time to be true to our greatest self; it’s time to stop blaming others.”
“Protect your enthusiasm from the negativity and fear of others. Never decide to do nothing just because you can only do little. Do what you can. You would be surprised at what "little" acts have done for our world.”
“Judging is preventing us from understanding a new truth. Free yourself from the rules of old judgments and create the space for new understanding.”
“Fear can only grow in darkness. Once you face fear with light, you win.”
“Don’t tell me about your god with your words. Show me about your god with your actions.”
“How would your life be different if…You pretended those around you were deaf to your words? Let today be the day…You let your actions speak and communicate your feelings and intentions.”
“Look around you. Everything changes. Everything on this earth is in a continuous state of evolving, refining, improving, adapting, enhancing…changing. You were not put on this earth to remain stagnant.”
“Reading the Bible will help you get to know the word, but it’s when you put it down and live your life that you get to know the author.”
“Life itself is simple...it's just not easy.”
“A very small percentage of the people in this world will actually experience and live today. So many people will be stuck on another day, another time that traumatized them and caused them to spiritually stutter so they miss out on this day.”
“I hope you find true meaning, contentment, and passion in your life. I hope you navigate the difficult times and come out with greater strength and resolve. I hope you find whatever balance you seek with your eyes wide open. And I hope that you - yes, you - have the ambition to lean in to your career and run the world. Because the world needs you to change it.”
“You are where you are right now because of the actions you've taken, or maybe, the inaction you've taken.”
“A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.”
“It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.”
“The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.”
“Be wise today so you don't cry tomorrow.”
“Everyone's time is limited. What matters most is to focus on what matters most.”
“If you don’t know exactly where you’re going, how will you know when you get there?”
“It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.”
“Do it first and feel about it afterwards.' - Dagny Taggart”
“Scholars, theologians, and even poets have yet to be able to truly describe and touch upon the beauty, romance, and magic of a relationship built on 100% authenticity”
“To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.”
“You don't have to get it perfect, you just have to get it going. Babies don't walk the first time they try, but eventually they get it right”
“Life is a balanced system of learning and evolution. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.”
“A smile is the best way to get oneself out of a tight spot, even if it is a fake one. Surprisingly enough, everyone takes it at face value. I read that in a book.""If you keep staring at me, I'll hit you.""I only became part of your team recently when I replaced Sasuke, so I don't know everything that's going on. I don't really understand people either. But even I can tell that Naruto really loves you. Naruto's been shouldering that promise for a long time...I think he means to shoulder it for the rest of his life. I don't know what you said to him, but it's just like what's been done to me - it feels like a curse. Sasuke causes Naruto pain, but I think you do too.""Sasuke is only helping spread his darkness across the world. Letting him live will only sow the seeds of another war. He's just another criminal now. Sasuke lost all hope of coming back when his group, Akatsuki, attacked our village. Your fellow Konoha shinobi would never accept him now. Sakura's not stupid, either. She understands the position he's put us all in. That's why she came out here, to tell you herself.”
“Everyone of us needs to show how much we care for each other and, in the process, care for ourselves.”
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.”
“One of the most healing things you can do is recognize where in your life you are your own poison.”
“‎By reacting from fear instead of responding from love, you inject poison directly into the veins of your relationship.”
“A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand.”
“When I face the desolate impossibility of writing five hundred pages, a sick sense of failure falls on me, and I know I can never do it. Then gradually, I write one page and then another. One day's work is all I can permit myself to contemplate.”
“Are you going to allow the world around you to change while you remain stagnant? Make this the time you throw away old habits that have hindered your happiness and success and finally allow your greatest self to flourish.”
“You've been given the innate power to shape your life...but you cannot just speak change, you have to LIVE change. Intent paired with action builds the bridge to success. You can't just want it; you have to do it, live it...BE it! Success isn't something you have, it's something you DO!”
“When you find yourself in need of spiritual nourishment, it is in the opportunities to serve others that you will find the abundance you seek.”
“Once you start recognizing the truth of your story, finish the story. It happened but you're still here, you're still capable, powerful, you're not your circumstance. It happened and you made it through. You're still fully equipped with every single tool you need to fulfill your purpose.”
“The purpose of fear is to raise your awareness not to stop your progress.”
“Think of the patience God has had for you and let it resonate to others. If you want a more patient world, let patience be your motto”
“If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.”
“When you do what you love, the seemingly impossible becomes simply challenging, the laborious becomes purposeful resistance, the difficult loses its edge and is trampled by your progress.”
“You know you're doing what you love when Sunday nights feel the same as Friday nights....”
“Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it.”
“NEVER be surprised by your own success!”
“How would your life be different if…You stopped focusing on what you didn’t want and started focusing on what you do want? Let today be the day…You establish a clear intent, make a plan, and take actions towards your intent.”
“I may not be where I want to be but I'm thankful for not being where I used to be.”
“The whole value of solitude depends upon oneself; it may be a sanctuary or a prison, a haven of repose or a place of punishment, a heaven or a hell, as we ourselves make it.”
“The moment you become friends with your inner Self, you realize that the failures or hindrances that you met earlier were caused more by your disconnected status with your inner Being.”
“Your agreement with reality defines your life.”
“The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need.”
“Therefore it is unnecessary for a prince to have all the good qualities I have enumerated, but it is very necessary to appear to have them. And I shall dare to say this also, that to have them and always to observe them is injurious, and that to appear to have them is useful; to appear merciful, faithful, humane, religious, upright, and to be so, but with a mind so framed that should you require not to be so, you may be able and know how to change to the opposite.”
“When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.”
“I can’t think of anything more disheartening than living a life without a clear purpose.”
“The difference between greed and ambition is a greedy person desires things he isn't prepared to work for.”
“If you do whatever it takes to accomplish your goals to live the life you desire, It will be worth it. I promise! But if you find some excuse to justify quitting your journey, you will regret it. This is also a promise!" -gbb”
“Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it's something you do.”
“The best way to succeed is to have a specific Intent, a clear Vision, a plan of Action, and the ability to maintain Clarity. Those are the Four Pillars of Success. It never fails!”
“I do not care about happiness simply because I believe that joy is something worth fighting for.”
“I conclude therefore that, fortune being changeful and mankind steadfast in their ways, so long as the two are in agreement men are successful, but unsuccessful when they fall out. For my part I consider that it is better to be adventurous than cautious, because fortune is a woman, and if you wish to keep her under it is necessary to beat and ill-use her; and it is seen that she allows herself to be mastered by the adventurous rather than by those who go to work more coldly. She is, therefore, always, woman-like, a lover of young men, because they are less cautious, more violent, and with more audacity command her.”
“It is better to aim high and miss than to aim low and hit.”
“You don't have to be great to get started but you have to get started to be great.”
“If you put yourself in a position where you have to stretch outside your comfort zone, then you are forced to expand your consciousness.”
“I promise you nothing is as chaotic as it seems. Nothing is worth diminishing your health. Nothing is worth poisoning yourself into stress, anxiety, and fear.”
“Stop giving meaningless praise and start giving meaningful action.”
“When we replace a sense of service and gratitude with a sense of entitlement and expectation, we quickly see the demise of our relationships, society, and economy.”
“Make the most of the best and the least of the worst.”
“What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else?”
“If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.”
“Never say anything about yourself you don't want to come true”
“Sometimes we forget about our own advantages because we focus on what we don't have. Just because you have to work a little harder at something that seems easier to others doesn't mean you're without your own talents.”
“Stop allowing your day-to-day life to be clouded by busy nothingness.”
“We only live once. We all have an expiration date after that we will never come again. I am not saying that to make you sad. I am saying that so you can cherish each moment in your life and be grateful that you are here and you are Special”
“Although I deeply love oceans, deserts and other wild landscapes, it is only mountains that beckon me with that sort of painful magnetic pull to walk deeper and deeper into their beauty. They keep me continuously wanting to know more, feel more, see more.”
“You have to lift a person up before you can really put them in their place.”
“A person doesn't have to change who he is to become better.”
“The value of a moment is immeasurable. The power of just ONE moment can propel you to success and happiness or chain you to failure and misery.”
“Success is a poor teacher”
“Change is in the air. This change reminds us that we are made and beautifully sculpted by the same power that orchestrates the change of season. Let this be the season you embrace and align yourself with this change.”
“If you intend to change, decide what you want and live your life accordingly.”
“Free yourself from the complexities of your life! A life of simplicity and happiness awaits you.”
“Change is the parent of progress.”
“Search for contentment in each person you meet.”
“Everything is within your power,and your power is within you.”
“What do you think will be more effective when it comes to succeeding, believing you can or KNOWING you will? Let today be the last day you took timid steps of belief and start taking confident steps of purpose-driven knowing!”
“Today stretches ahead of you waiting to be shaped. You are the sculptor who gets to do the shaping. What today will be like is up to you.”
“When you establish a destination by defining what you want, then take physical action by making choices that move you towards that destination, the possibility for success is limitless and arrival at the destination is inevitable.”
“Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!”
“I hear you say 'Why?' Always 'Why?' You see things; and you say 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say 'Why not?”
“But when your sword breaks, you draw your dagger.”
“Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.”
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living out fears.”
“you don't have to be great to get started but you have to to get started to be great”
“Do not sabotage your new relationship with your last relationship’s poison.”
“Become the leader of your life. Lead yourself to where you want to be. Breathe life back into your ambitions, your desires, your goals, your relationships.”
“Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses in your life; you realize everything that happens in life is a result of the previous choice you’ve made and start making new choices to change your life.”
“You can't learn in school what the world is going to do next year.”
“How would your life be different if...You were conscious about the food you ate, the people you surround yourself with, and the media you watch, listen to, or read? Let today be the day...You pay attention to what you feed your mind, your body, and your life. Create a nourishing environment conducive to your growth and well-being today.”
“The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.If you always do what is easy and choose the path of least resistance, you never step outside your comfort zone. Great things don’t come from comfort zones.”
“The only easy day was yesterday.”
“Discipline your mind to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event. Discipline your mind to think positively; to see the good in every situation and look on the best side of every event.”
“Today is yours to shape. Create a masterpiece!”
“You're never ready for what you have to do. You just do it. That makes you ready.”
“Live your vision and demand your success.”
“Your dream is a reality that is waiting for you to materialize. Today is a new day! Don’t let your history interfere with your destiny! Learn from your past so that it can empower your present and propel you to greatness”
“Live Today! Do not allow your spirit to be softened of your happiness to be limited by a day you cannot have back or a day that does not yet exist.”
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”
“The beginning is always NOW.”
“Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.”
“If a man has his eyes bound, you can encourage him as much as you like to stare through the bandage, but he'll never see anything.”
“Dream big. Wake up. Take the first step into the unknown.”
“Sometimes you're drowning yourself in your own words.”
“A lack of clarity could put the brakes on any journey to success.”
“The first place where self-esteem begins its journey is within us.”
“Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Instead, shake things up today! Live through today. Don’t just exist through it - LIVE through it!”
“Never confuse someone else's inability to do something with its inability to be done.”
“Live life with a purpose and live it full out.”
“Your feelings wouldn't get hurt if you were honest with yourself”
“It is not enough if you just live life as it comes to you like a floating leaf in a pond. Make use of the powers bestowed in you and soar like an eagle.”
“أن تحاول مرارا لا يعني أنك غير قادر على النجاح بل يعني أنك غير قابل بالفشل”
“Superhuman effort isn't worth a damn unless it achieves results.”
“There is no tomorrow and there was no yesterday; if you truly want to accomplish your goals you must engulf yourself in today.”
“You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.”
“Free yourself from the burden of feeling the need to hold on to anything. Let go… you are a part of everything.”
“Learn from your history, but don’t live in it.”
“Accepting personal responsibility for your life frees you from outside influences – increases your self-esteem – boosts confidence in your ability to decisions – and ultimately leads to achieve success in life.”
“The price tag you put on yourself decides your worth. Underestimating yourself will cost you dearly.”
“You cannot continue on the same path and arrive at a different destination. Make the choice to have your actions reflect your goals.”
“التسامُحُ أجملُ أنواع النسيان”
“CONCERNED BUT NOT CONSUMED!”
“Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.”
“Although goals are important, having a plan of action is vital to the success of those goals. Having a goal with no plan of action is like wanting to travel to a new destination without having a map.”
“Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.”
“If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread. If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul. If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek.”
“Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!”
“When you truly embrace your human impermanence you connect with the power you have, and influence you have, over the time you have.”
“Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.”
“Too much action with too little intent makes for wasteful exertion of energy and the confusion between movement and progress.”
“The lust for comfort kills the passions of the soul.”
“Free yourself from the inauthenticity and disempowerment of your story.”
“Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.”
“As with all other aspects of the narrative art, you will improve with practice, but practice will never make you perfect. Why should it? What fun would that be?”
“All my problems bow before my stubbornness.”
“Never run from the truth. It is always there; it never changes – save your energy.”
“Success can be defined in many ways but failure in only one ... quitting!”
“Don't be one of those who don't want others to be empowered. Share information. Try to make the next person, smarter.”
“No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.”
“Action is the universal language of success.”
“When you are angry try your best to go to sleep, it keeps you away from speaking, writing and thinking while you are angry.”
“There's only one thing that will make them stop hating you. And that's being so good at what you do that they can't ignore you.”
“Pride and power fall when the person falls, but discoveries of truth form legacies that can be built upon for generations.”
“I’ve learned that no matter how inspired, fired up and motivated you might be, the dark clouds will always set in”
“When you start something, make sure that you're willing to take the time to finish it right because, honey, the work you put into it will be more than worth it in the end. The best things always are.”
“Without desires and dreams, your thoughts do not matter and you can think whatever you want to.”
“Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest accomplishment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.”
“It is a profound and necessary truth that the deep things in science are not found because they are useful; they are found because it was possible to find them.”
“Write this down: My life is full of unlimited possibilities.”
“Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.”
“Stop waiting for the right person to come into your life. Be the right person to come to someone’s life”
“The road to success is always under construction.”
“If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.”
“Do not compromise yourself and put your goodness in the same impermanent category as whatever circumstance happening. Be the best you in every circumstance.”
“You don't have to be a hero to accomplish great things---to compete. You can just be an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reach challenging goals.”
“The problem isn’t that I think so highly of myself. It is just that you think so little of yourself. Live life BIG, BOLD and OUT LOUD!”
“Have you had a failure or rejection? You could get bitter. That's one way to deal with it. Or...you could just get BETTER. What do you think?”
“إذا أردت أن تتفاعل حقاً مع من تعاملهم ، يجب أن تفهمهم قبل أن تطلب منهم أن يفهموك”
“We are mathematical equations where your life is the sum of all choices you've made until now. The good news is you can change the equation so that you start making a difference in your life.”
“Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.”
“It's not what you've got, it's what you use that makes a difference.”
“A good self-esteem level is mostly dependant on how we value ourselves without any bias.”
“Leave your excuses and live your dreams!”
“God didn’t give fear a body. God gave love a body.”
“You are where you are and what you are because of yourself, nothing else. Nature is neutral. Nature doesn't care. If you do what other successful people do, you will enjoy the same results and rewards that they do. And if you don't, you won't.”
“A person today who seems to have a great sense of self-esteem has his or her childhood days to thank for it.”
“Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey.”
“I often wished that more people understood the invisible side of things. Even the people who seemed to understand, didn't really.”
“The only thing wrong with trying to please everyone is that there's always at least one person who will remain unhappy. You.”
“We have come here together so that you might know, through virtue of your own pain, your own hopelessness, your own fear, your own darkness and the lie of powerlessness, the very actual power of your own will, of the will of your soul.”
“Prepare yourself for success. You have to see it coming to get there.”
“It will be better to spent our energy on reality; the tangible facts, not thoughts of the past.”
“If you can't be brave, be determined. And you'll end up in the same place.”
“Being in home is like magic moments, in a magic world, among maicians”
“People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.”
“You don't have to be good at something to be liked.”
“The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.”
“12--Lose Battles, But Win The War: Grand StrategyGrand strategy is the art of looking beyond the present battle and calculating ahead. Focus on your ultimate goal and plot to reach it.”
“Do not dilute the truth of your potential. We often convince ourselves that we cannot change, that we cannot overcome the circumstances of our lives. That is simply not true. You have been blessed with immeasurable power to make positive changes in your life. But you can't just wish it, you can't just hope it, you can't just want it... you have to LIVE it, BE it, DO it.”
“How would your life be different if...you began each day by thanking someone who has helped you? Let today be the day...You make it a point to show your gratitude to others. Send a letter or card, make a call, send a text or email, tell them in person...do whatever you have to do to let them know you appreciate them.”
“Life’s a marathon, not a sprint.”
“What good has impatience ever brought? It has only served as the mother of mistakes and the father of irritation.”
“We can't help the way we're born. We can't help what we are, only what life we choose to make for ourselves.”
“Every challenge you encounter in life is a fork in the road. You have the choice to choose which way to go - backward, forward, breakdown or breakthrough.”
“If at first you don’t succeed, you’re doing it wrong. Learn from the experience. Try again, but with a different approach.”
“There has never been a meaningful life built on easy street.”
“When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you… and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life… and you lead.”
“The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.”
“This moment is yours and yours alone! Take charge, seize this moment and allow it to propel you to the high levels of an empowered life. Allow upon this fertile moment to be planted the seeds of your happiness and success.”
“If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you always got.”
“When the going gets tough, the tough get going”
“The people we consider successful in our society are all people that seize every moment and make the best of each situation.”
“It is important that when we make a resolution, or establish a goal, that we take the ACTION necessary to accomplish that goal.”
“Your limits are somewhere up there, waiting for you to reach beyond infinity.”
“But if we are talking in terms of making progress in life, we must understand that "good enough" is very different from "best.”
“الفاشلون يتحدثون عن آلامهم والناجحون يتحدثون عن آمالهم”
“Once we open our eyes to the infinite magic that the universe has in abundance, we are sure to be enthralled by what we see and this miraculous creation gets us closer to our dreams and to the world as a whole.”
“People who don't see you every day have a hard time understanding how on some days--good days--you can run three miles, but can barely walk across the parking lot on other days,' [my mom] said quietly.”
“The purpose of empowerment is to urge you towards freedom, to help each of you to break free of all limitations. It is that freedom that will give you eternal happiness and finally connect you with the unconditional realization of TRUTH.”
“You can only work on yourself. Start there.”
“Something hit me very hard once, thinking about what one little man could do. Think of the Queen Mary — the whole ship goes by and then comes the rudder. And there's a tiny thing at the edge of the rudder called a trimtab.It's a miniature rudder. Just moving the little trim tab builds a low pressure that pulls the rudder around. Takes almost no effort at all. So I said that the little individual can be a trimtab. Society thinks it's going right by you, that it's left you altogether. But if you're doing dynamic things mentally, the fact is that you can just put your foot out like that and the whole big ship of state is going to go.So I said, call me Trimtab.”
“The mind can't delete what the heart won't let go of.”
“Let your action manifest your thought, your belief and your passion.”
“I can’t help you, I can only guide you, and you are the one who can help yourself.”
“Take care of your costume and your confidence will take care of itself.”
“Every sunrise is priceless and you can experience the richness that life holds only when you live life to the full instead of just being an onlooker.”
“The realisation that limitations are imaginary will make you strong and overpowering.”
“We are exactly what our history made us to be.”
“The more you can have control over your ego rather than let it run amuck, the more successful you’ll be in all areas of life.”
“How would your life be different if...You decided to give freely, love fully, and play feverously? Let today be the day...You free yourself from the conditioned rules that limit your happiness and dilute the beautiful life experience. Have fun. Give - Love - Play!”
“Self-confidence is contagious.”
“Let today be the day that you become committed in being, in doing, in getting, achieving, in experiencing. Let today be the day that you are committed to being the change you wish to see and living the life you wish to live.”
“I have realized that whatever good comes to me, comes from God, whatever bad comes to me, God has allowed it, and I choose to be thankful for both.”
“لن يفشل أبدا كل انسان يحاول”
“لا تَقُل لي ما اسْمُك وقُل لي ما إنجازك فالإنجازات تصنع الأسماء”
“Prepared for the worst,but still praying for the best”
“Luck is a word the bitter teach to the ignorant.”
“Notice the difference between being in control and needing control.”
“Don't use yesterday's state of mind, to make today's decision.”
“Everything is easier said than done. Wanting something is easy. Saying something is easy. The challenge and the reward are in the doing.”
“The future is greatly different than your life now, the actions that you take must also be greatly different. You cannot do the same thing and get something different.”
“Resources are hired to give results, not reasons.”
“Once you feel nice about yourself, you have planted the first seed to develop self-confidence.”
“When someone who is suffering looks to you for compassion, it's indeed a blessing; you are chosen to be their Light in a moment of sorrow.”
“You are the point of origin for everything in your world: you set the standard for yourself.”
“We need more than just the Law of Attraction. We need to connect with its more successful twin, the Law of Generosity. And further entwine ourselves with their parent; the Law of Love.”
“Time waits for no one.”
“You‘ve been given the innate power to shape your life.”
“Fear has the role we give it. We are able to empower or poison ourselves to whatever degree we want. This is the beauty of our design.”
“The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.”
“There are two things essential if you want to enhance your Jedi self-confidence: 1/ belief that it is possible 2/ that self-help is the best help”
“You would not be here TODAY if YESTERDAY was your defining moment. LIVE THIS DAY and move towards your dreams.”
“Gratitude turns disappointment into lessons learned, discoveries made, alternatives explored, and new plans set in motion.”
“Every great leader can take you back to a defining moment when they decided to lead”
“Despite what you may believe, you can disappoint people and still be good enough. You can make mistakes and still be capable and talented. You can let people down and still be worthwhile and deserving of love. Everyone has disappointed someone they care about. Everyone messes up, lets people down, and makes mistakes. Not because we’re inadequate or fundamentally inept, but because we’re imperfect and fundamentally human. Expecting anything different is setting yourself up for failure.”
“Yet how hard most people work for mere dust and ashes and care, taking no thought of growing in knowledge and grace, never having time to get in sight of their own ignorance.”
“You be as angry as you need to be," she said. "Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Not your grandma, not your dad, no one. And if you need to break things, then by God, you break them good and hard."He couldn't look at her. He just couldn't."And if, one day," she said, really crying now, "you look back and you feel bad for being so angry, if you feel bad for being so angry at me that you couldn't even speak to me, then you have to know, Conor, you have to know that it was okay. It was okay. That I knew. I know, okay? I know everything you need to tell me without you having to say it out loud. All right?"He still couldn't look at her. He couldn't raise his head, it felt so heavy. He was bent in two, like he was being torn right down through his middle.But he nodded.”
“Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.”
“The difference between being mediocre and achieving excellence is you.”
“A failure is always in the passenger seat in his or her life.”
“Pursue your goal. Opinions be damned.”
“At any given point you can release your greatest self. Don’t let anyone hold you back. Don’t let anyone dilute you. Don’t be peer pressured into being less than you are. People willing to dilute themselves for the sake of others is one of the great tragedies of our time. Stop letting others define and set the pace for your life. Get out there and be your best. Do your best. Live your best. Make every day count and you’ll see how exponentially more exciting, thrilling, successful, happy and full your life will be.”
“A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.”
“Your circumstances do NOT define you. Expect a GRAND finale.”
“I must admit, that I have learned more from my negative experiences than I have ever learned from my positive one.”
“If you have to ask if you’ve done enough, you haven’t. Each day brings with it the opportunity to do more than you did yesterday.”
“Until one is committed there is hesitancy, the chance to draw back, always ineffectiveness. Concerning all acts of initative or creation, there is one elementary truth...that the moment one definitely commits oneself, then Providence moves. too. All sorts of things occur to help one that would otherwise never have occurred. A whole stream of events issues from the decision, raising in ones's favor all manner of incidents and meetings and material assistance which no man would have believed would have come his way. Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it. Action has magic, grace, and power in it.”
“With one kind gesture you can change a life. One person at a time you can change the world. One day at a time we can change everything.”
“Faith UP! Your purpose is GREATER than all your PROBLEMS.”
“A Master Jedi feels emotions, but they do not allow them to influence their reasoning. Yoda told Luke that he would know the good from the bad when he was 'calm, at peace.”
“Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.”
“Certain situations need a Jedi-like approach. One of these is when you are in a strange environment, usually where you feel unsure of yourself. You would be surprised how, if you walk with confidence and meaning, people will see this as a mark of confidence, yet you are perhaps shaking inside but outwardly you have the gait of a confident Jedi Knight.”
“Intent without dedicated action is simply not enough. Action without a clear intent is a waste. It is when these two powerful forces are aligned that the energy of the universe conspires in your favor.”
“The time has come to harness the blessed power within us and to use it to transcend from our current existence into a more empowered reality.”
“You will never get everything in life but you will get enough.”
“I would rather live short and right then long and wrong.”
“The difference between those who adapted and those who didn't, Gorton said, was a willingness to totally commit.”
“We need to send our words out in the direction we want them to go. In other words, we need to start talking victory when we’re staring at defeat. We need to start talking healing when we’re feeling sick. We need to start blessing and prosperity when we don’t have anything. We need to speak about marching when we feel like quitting.”
“Love is perhaps the only emotions that is boundless”
“It's not always what we don't know that gets in our way; sometimes it's what we think we know that keeps us from learning.”
“ننامُ كثيرا أفلا نحلمُ قليلا”
“If the painter wishes to see beauties that charm him, it lies in his power to create them, and if he wishes to see monstrosities that are frightful, ridiculous, or truly pitiable, he is lord and God thereof.”
“To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.”
“Uncertainty will always be part of the taking charge process.”
“Jedi act with confidence, move with confidence, and breathe with confidence. Jedi possess a confident calmness in their looks, attitude andbehaviour.”
“The power behind taking responsibility for your actions lies in putting an end to negative thought patterns. You no longer dwell on what went wrong or focus on whom you are going to blame. You don't waste time building roadblocks to your success. Instead, you are set free and can now focus on succeeding.”
“Positive belief in yourself will give you the energy needed to conquer the world and this belief is the power behind all creation.”
“Believe with all your heart that you will do what you were made to do.”
“A mind of moderate capacity which closely pursues one study must infallibly arrive at great proficiency in that study.”
“Do the things you used to talk about doing but never did. Know when to let go and when to hold on tight. Stop rushing. Don't be intimidated to say it like it is. Stop apologizing all the time. Learn to say no, so your yes has some oomph. Spend time with the friends who lift you up, and cut loose the ones who bring you down. Stop giving your power away. Be more concerned with being interested than being interesting. Be old enough to appreciate your freedom, and young enough to enjoy it. Finally know who you are.”
“Though money cannot acquire you happiness, it does not mean that both money and happiness cannot exist together.”
“Perseverance is the act of true role models and heroes.”
“How many of us stop short of success on purpose? How many of us sabotage our own happiness because failure, while miserable, is a fear we're familiar with? Success, however, dreams come true, are a whole new kind of terrifying, an entire new species of responsibilities and disillusions, requiring a new way to think, act and become. Why do we REALLY quit? Because it's hopeless? Or because it's possible...”
“If you don't make the time to work on creating the life you want, you're eventually going to be forced to spend a LOT of time dealing with a life you don't want.”
“Winning is great, but if it's not enough then then you'll never have enough!”
“Whatever belief we have actually stems from the thankfulness that we feel and this feeling further attracts more happy feelings towards us.”
“Once you figure out what you want in life—expect nothing less.”
“When something poses as obstacle to you,surmount it and use it as a miracle to move on to greater height.”
“Once you understand how powerful you are within, you exponentially increase the power and potentiality of everything outside of you.”
“The madder it makes you, the harder you need to laugh at it.”
“All worries are less with wine.”
“When in doubt, throw doubt out and have a little faith....”
“Your self-confidence is simply the part of your brain that tells you whether or not you should try something different or new or believe in yourself, and just as a Jedi truly believes that it is within their power to control their thoughts and stay in the Light, so can you.”
“Those who are truly grateful are deeply moved by the privilege of living.”
“One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!”
“أعْجَزُ الناس المتشائمون وأقلّهم حظاً أقلّهم أملا”
“Do the best you can, with what you can, while you can, and success in inevitable.”
“One should measure their life by the faith they embrace and the relationships they cherish”
“How would your life be different if...You could control the outcome of your day, your week, your year? Let today be the day...You embrace the truth that you DO have such control to label every event in your life, and create an agreement with reality that empowers you and propels you to greatness.”
“We can’t continuously be a society of well-wishers. We must take action to bring those wishes to fruition.”
“You’ve got one life, one shot, and all the power to make it happen. Get ready to dream big and live big. It’s all up to you. And it starts now.”
“المبدعون لا يُبهروننا فقط ولكنهم يمنحوننا الأمل ويُجددون الطاقات المكبوتة بداخلنا فَهُم الشموع التي تُبدد الظلام ولا تلعنه”
“Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it’s something you do.”
“Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.”
“Like love, like talent, like any other virtue, like anything else in this life, happiness needs to be nurtured - this is the truth of the whole matter.”
“In traveling, a companion, in life, compassion,'" she repeats, making sure of it. If she had paper and pencil, it wouldn't surprise me if she wrote it down. "So what does that really mean? In simple terms." I think it over. It takes me a while to gather my thoughts, but she waits patiently. "I think it means," I say, "that chance encounters are what keep us going. In simple terms.”
“Changes are inevitable and not always controllable. What can be controlled is how you manage, react to and work through the change process.”
“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.”
“The world is my church. My actions are my prayer. My behavior is my creed.”
“A true dreamer is one who knows how to navigate in the dark”.”
“I have learned that the harder you fall…the higher you bounce!”
“A barrier is a limitation only when you perceive it as one.”
“You have had a dream for so many years. Let today be the day you make a plan for it. Just think about how much more likely you are to hit your target when you finally aim at it.”
“Today, you have the opportunity to transcend from a disempowered mindset of existence to an empowered reality of purpose-driven living. Today is a new day that has been handed to you for shaping. You have the tools, now get out there and create a masterpiece.”
“A great dread fell on him, as if he was awaiting the pronouncement of some doom that he had long foreseen and vainly hoped might after all never be spoken. An overwhelming longing to rest and remain at peace by Bilbo's side in Rivendell filled all his heart. At last with an effort he spoke, and wondered to hear his own words, as if some other will was using his small voice. "I will take the Ring," he said, "though I do not know the way.”
“Have faith in the universe and its capability to lead you to the path of abundance.”
“الانشغال بالألم هو توقّفٌ مؤقَتٌ عن الحياة وهو إقحامٌ ساذج للعجز في عقولنا والعظماء فقط من يرون في الألم أكبر دافع للمقاومة”
“Pain? Yes, of course. Racing without pain is not racing. But the pleasure of being ahead outweighed the pain a million times over. To hell with the pain. What's six minutes of pain compared to the pain they're going to feel for the next six months or six decades. You never forget your wins and losses in this sport. YOU NEVER FORGET.”
“Coming to the END of MYSELF and all SELF effort...seems to be the very point that God steps in and shows HIMSELF to be more than ENOUGH.”
“A story meant to motivate all and sundry irrespective of their circumstances”
“Most people know the physical senses, but a lot of people don’t know the soul’s senses: empathy, trust, intuition, love and harmony”
“Choice forms the divider which is responsible for the formation of all futures that can be possible.”
“On the other hand, if the future is not the one you chose then you may have to use your willpower to obtain the future of your liking.”
“I want every girl in the world to pick up a guitar and start screaming.”
“It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.”
“Forgive to forget, do not forget to forgive”
“An empowered life begins with serious personal questions about oneself. Those answers bare the seeds of success.”
“قد لا يفارقك الألم ولكنك تستطيع أن تفارقه”
“Dear Fellow Human Being,You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!Tell yourself,You do not deserve this!All those toxic words you have to listen from people,All those fears they try to pin on your mind,All those giggles they aim at your dreams,All those judgmental stares inspecting your individuality,All those fingers pointing towards your crude character,All those shackles that tie your feet to social expectations,All those cages that do not let your imagination fly free,Listen deeply, you do not deserve any of it.My dear fellow human, you do not deserve this hostility.You are born wild, You do not deserve to be tamed!”
“If the world is a book, are you the hero, or just a walk-on part?”
“A cord that remains, always. in many ways...”
“One thing I have learned from many years of watching my father is that some people, the best ones, are motivated more by the chance to prove themselves than by a command to serve. It is the work itself that calls them onward, especially if they believe they are the only ones who can do it.”
“The job of feets is walking, but their hobby is dancing.”
“When life's got you down, keep your head up... you can't see the ground anyway”
“In the face of adversity, we have a choice. We can be bitter, or we can be better. Those words are my North Star.”
“Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember ~ the only taste of success some people have is when they take a bite out of you.”
“If you want your prayers answered, get up off your knees and do something about them.”
“What we perceive about ourselves is greatly a reflection of how we will end up living our lives.”
“Strength wasn‘t about being able to do everything alone. Strength was knowing when to ask for help and not being too proud to do it.”
“To become a master at any skill, it takes the total effort of your: heart, mind, and soul working together in tandem.”
“Stop comparing yourself with others. If they are good at something, you too are good at something else. Self-confidence is not measured by your own capabilities versus that of others, but by your own needs.”
“Yawns are not the only infectious things out there besides germs.Giggles can spread from person to person.So can blushing.But maybe the most powerful infectious thing is the act of speaking the truth.”
“What if I told you 10 years from now your life would be exactly the same?Doubt you'd be happy.So, why are you afraid of change?”
“Concentrate more on your achievements than your failures. Learn to take the failures as opportunities to rectify your errors.”
“Each person has got a voice inside them. Communicate with it and take hold of it. Do not let it push and shove you around – you are its master!”
“You’re only responsible for yourself, Jess. And that’s the only person you can control. Other people will either get it or they won’t but you can’t define yourself by their opinions.”
“How we relate with other people is dependent on how we rate ourselves and what we think about ourselves.”
“Failures can be called ‘strengtheners’ as they make you determined to reach your goal with the lessons they teach.”
“I may not be where I want to be, but if I stop now, I'll NEVER get where I'm going!”
“If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.”
“According to the Law of Attraction, the physical reality that you experience at present is drawn towards the future probability you desired when it attains more power.”
“Have nuts and be nuts.”
“Our own self-esteem is something we can actually twist in whatever way we want.”
“Self-belief, also called self-efficacy, is the kind of feeling you have when you have, like a Jedi, mastered a particular kind of skill and with its help have been able to achieve your set goals.”
“Nothing that happens to you was meant to be. The only thing about you that was meant to be is you. Blaze your own trail.”
“Without adversity, there would be no growth, and without growth, there would be no lesson to be learned.”
“Don’t come back when you realize that I’m rare”
“We've also evolved the ability to simply 'pay it forward': I help you, somebody else will help me. I remember hearing a parable when I was younger, about a father who lifts his young son onto his back to carry him across a flooding river. 'When I am older,' said the boy to his father, 'I will carry you across this river as you now do for me.' 'No, you won't,' said the father stoically. 'When you are older you will have your own concerns. All I expect is that one day you will carry your own son across this river as I no do for you.' Cultivating this attitude is an important part of Humanism--to realize that life without God can be much more than a series of strict tit-for-tat transactions where you pay me and I pay you back. Learning to pay it forward can add a tremendous sense of meaning and dignity to our lives. Simply put, it feels good to give to others, whether we get back or not.”
“In the spiritual world many forms of the physical universe that are potentially effective can be perceived but with regard to time, we can observe only one form.”
“Going down in history is a dead end pursuit”
“If you won’t trust yourself, nobody else will.”
“What if not just women, but both men and women, worked smart, more flexible schedules? What if the workplace itself was more fluid than the rigid and narrow ladder to success of the ideal worker? And what if both men and women became responsible for raising children and managing the home, sharing work, love, and play? Could everyone then live whole lives?”
“If your failure is not a lesson, it's indeed a failure.”
“All my life I've been fascinated by the precipice in all of us. When you come to it, you either choose to fall or you don’t --Alvin Ailey”
“War is not just the shower of bullets and bombs from both sides, it is also the shower of blood and bones on both sides.”
“Then holding the star aloft and the bright sword advanced, Frodo, hobbit of the Shire, walked steadily down to meet the eyes.”
“Taking the decision-making process away from people disempowers them. It also makes them much less likely to buy into the decision, however right it may be. One’s own conscience remains the ultimate arbiter.”
“Always make your future bigger than your past.”
“Reconnect with the highest truth and ignite the divine sparks in you.”
“If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.”
“Some of the most powerful speeches I have given have been delivered in the dedicated silence of my actions.”
“I don't give up. That makes me incredibly resilient or maybe stupid or just plain stubborn. Whichever...”
“But confining myself more to the particular, I say that a prince may be seen happy to-day and ruined to-morrow without having shown any change of disposition or character. This, I believe, arises firstly from causes that have already been discussed at length, namely, that the prince who relies entirely upon fortune is lost when it changes. I believe also that he will be successful who directs his actions according to the spirit of the times, and that he whose actions do not accord with the times will not be successful. Because men are seen, in affairs that lead to the end which every man has before him, namely, glory and riches, to get there by various methods; one with caution, another with haste; one by force, another by skill; one by patience, another by its opposite; and each one succeeds in reaching the goal by a different method. One can also see of two cautious men the one attain his end, the other fail; and similarly, two men by different observances are equally successful, the one being cautious, the other impetuous; all this arises from nothing else than whether or not they conform in their methods to the spirit of the times. This follows from what I have said, that two men working differently bring about the same effect, and of two working similarly, one attains his object and the other does not.”
“Five years from today, you will be the same person that you are today, except for the books you read and the people you meet.”
“أحط نفسك تدريجيا بفريق من الطراز الأول من الأشخاص الذين سيجعلون حياتك بهيجة و سعيدة و غنية إلى أبعد حد. ابدأ على الفور ،،”
“The greatest Emotion is Love.The greatest quality is seeking to serve others.The greatest gift is your own Life.The greatest pleasure is CHOCOLATE!The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is that there's always something new to learn.The greatest virtue is temperance.The greatest meditation is a peaceful mind.The greatest practice is to be Kind.education.The greatest challenge is to let go. The greatest wisdom is to be in the NOW”
“One of the Secrets in Life is to Make Stepping Stones out of Stumbling Blocks.”
“إن من يُحب يُهدي ومن يُهدي يحب وخير هدية هو الحب ذاته، فهو البقاء بعد الرحيل وهو الحياة بعد الموت وهو الكلمة التي لا تحتاج إلى قاموس”
“Be mindful of the link between action and outcome. Ask yourself: If I repeat today's action 365 times, will I be where I want to be in a year?”
“ليس بالضرورة أن تكون عظيما لكي تحلم ولكن عليك أن تحلم لكي تكون عظيما”
“For that reason, let a prince have the credit of conquering and holding his state, the means will always be considered honest, and he will be praised by everybody because the vulgar are always taken by what a thing seems to be and by what comes of it; and in the world there are only the vulgar, for the few find a place there only when the many have no ground to rest on.”
“Similar to a butterfly, I've gone through a metamorphosis, been released from my dark cocoon, embraced my wings, and soared!”
“There is no real world, just the one you create.”
“Train up a child in such a way she or he should go; even when she or he is old she or he will not depart' Proverb”
“Father has a strengthening character like the sun and mother has a soothing temper like the moon.”
“Life would have been beautiful if there weren't any problems.”
“The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!”
“Leaders in OVER their heads is the mere result of getting ahead of their intended SEASON.”
“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”
“How would your life be different if...you had a plan of action towards your goals? Let today be the day...You stop allowing your days to be stolen by busy nothingness and take calculated steps towards your goals.”
“We often fail to see that there is an invisible wall in a relationship - Cord 10, In Between Us!”
“Leave that room, kid. Shut the screen off. Take your dirty shoes, not the pretty ones, and go out to feel the wind. Touch water. Touch earth. Touch wood, touch skin, touch everything you can touch and memorise everything because that’s all you will live off in the end, and that’s all you will need.”
“People often try to distinguish between personal and professional life, but they end failing - Cord 8 : Are we Computers?”
“Your only limitations are the ties you allow to bind you.”
“Do not allow hate to take root in your heart.”
“Never let the opinion of another affect your opinion of yourself.”
“Encourage, lift and strengthen one another. For the positive energy spread to one will be felt by us all. For we are connected, one and all.”
“Always strive to aim for the highest peak of the goals in life you have set, this way if you manage to reach even half way toward a goal, landing in the middle is not such a bad place to end up.”
“To embark on the journey towards your goals and dreams requires bravery. To remain on that path requires courage. The bridge that merges the two is commitment.”
“Someone needs to fight, someone needs to sacrifice, someone needs to inspire, someone needs to be a hero.”
“Success is a decision, not a gift.”
“If you take any step, no matter how small it is, towards achieving your dreams then you will surely find the right path and reach the abundance that lies in store for you.”
“Limitations are like mirages created by your own mind. When you realise that limitation do not exist, those around you will also feel it and allow you inside their space.”
“Your core, lying deep within you, is what makes you what you are. Some call it the soul, the Higher Self, the true self, the being and so on. The name is unimportant once you realize that you are more than your looks and outward appearance.”
“With every challenge you face, there is an opportunity hidden that will lead you towards the path of wealth and abundance.”
“If someone does not consider those around them to be valuable and hold only themselves in high regard, they too have a very bad self-esteem.”
“When you are drowned by your sorry state, and you feel as if you are carried away from the road that leads to your desires, you should know that you are the one responsible for being led away from the right path.”
“The power of hope! Even a lack of ambition can, for a time, pay off as a necessary facet, as long as hope outweighs it.”
“Get out of your own way… stop the paralysis by analysis… decide what you want, create a simple plan, and get moving!”
“Formal education and current position can define your worthiness. What makes you extraordinary is defined by your attitude towards others.”
“The Jedi is a practitioner of mind mastery. He realizes that whatever they are experiencing, they are creating and that they can change their lives in an instant by changing their thoughts, their focus and the way they are observing and engaging the energy of the world around them and the people who they’ve invited into their lives to play whatever roles they’ve chosen them to play.”
“Jedi are always assessing situations, actions and possibilities. Jedi don’t just think outside of the box with the help from the Force, they also adapt to situations outside of the box!”
“Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.”
“Gone are the days when 19-inch biceps would once command respect. A Jedi doesn’t walk around with their arms flexed and with a thousand yard stare in their eyes. They walk with a good posture, their head held high and with a serious, yet friendly, look on their face.”
“Jedi are conversationalists and negotiators, bringing people together and solving problems. Jedi listen and feel to what others are saying.”
“The gratitude that you feel leads to faith in the abundance and with every resonance that radiates from your mind more strong feelings of faith start to reside in you.”
“In reality there are no limitations. They are vibrant and changeable to whatever form you want them to take to realise your goals.”
“what if I fall? oh, my darling, but if you fly?”
“Humans, unlike Jedi, are powerfully afraid of rejection. We do not survive well alone, so humans as a species are especially vulnerable to thoughts that make us afraid the rest of the “tribe” will desert us to die a sad, lonely death.”
“Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes.”
“When you act on your beliefs, the realisation that happens is caused by you and this will in turn lead to a consequence.”
“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”
“You spend your TIME to make a DIME. You lose your HEALTH to make your WEALTH, but at the end it is FUNNY because you leave back all your MONEY.”
“Tap into ‘The Force’ and soon, at any given time that you need that extra shot of high octane confidence; you will soon be like a Jedi Master at this technique.”
“Everyday of your life is a another lesson. If you learn the lesson well and apply it; whether positive or negative, you determine what happens in your tomorrow.”
“What is done is done for the love of it- or not really done at all.”
“Your environment will eat your goals and plans for breakfast.”
“POEMINHA DO CONTRATodos estes que aí estãoAtravancando o meu caminho,Eles passarão.Eu passarinho!”
“Stop allowing your outdated ideas to hinder your progress. How would your life be different if you became open to new information that can refine, improve, enhance your way of thinking, and empower your way of living?”
“Pure happiness and peace are at their peak when your body is in harmony with itself.”
“البسطاء لا يحبون الأضواء ولا يشعرون بالحاجة إليها فالضوء المنبعث في داخلهم يكفيهم ويشعرهم بأنهم أهم من يعيش على الكرة الأرضية دون أن يصيبهم ذلك بداء الغرور”
“If we can acquire an attitude of self-belief, then we will surely determine our future actions and our future life opportunities.”
“إن كثرة تفكيرنا في آلامنا تحيلها إلى واقع حتى وإن كانت وهماً وتضخّمها في أعيننا رغم ضآلتها أحياناً .. ألم تتساءل لماذا لا تموت القردة المصابة بمرض الإيدز بسرعة؟ الجواب هو لأنها لا تعلم بأنها مريضة”
“Second half of the year starts NOW July 1st with the next 6 months being MORE important than the last 6 months. I Your Name promise to do all that I can to achieve my Goal . I will not sit on a corner wait I will seek my opportunity. I promise to go after my Goal with passion knowing that the clock is ticking… Sign and date”
“Life seems to be fashioned and formed best out of the obstacles that seem unbearable.”
“Every minute doing one thing is a minute not doing something else. Every choice is another choice not made another path grown over lost.”
“There are two kinds of leaders, cowboys and Shepherds. Cowboys drive and Shepherds lead.”
“I have not learned a single lesson, been inspired or impacted by another person’s life void of negative experiences.”
“While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.”
“It's the days you have every right to breakdown and fall apart, yet choose to show up anyway that matter most. Don't diminish the small steps that others can't see.”
“الظلال تمنحنا الراحة وكثرتها تمنحنا الخمول”
“Failing to make it to the list of the best 5 students in class or not being named the team captain should not make anyone feel like they have failed.”
“الحياة دون أحلام هي حياة مؤلمة بلا شك”
“Small thinking and big dreams is an oxymoron”
“It's not about what I SEE for our future, or humanity; It's about what I DO for our future and humanity.”
“The real architect of a life is the hard and almost impossible circumstances one faces.”
“The Sun never sets. It is we who rise think to shine. ”
“We don't have to take our personality so personally.”
“How would your life be different if...You didn’t wait for someone else to fix a problem or social issue? Let today be the day...You take up a cause that you feel in your heart and give your time and efforts towards that cause.”
“Live Life Fully &amp; Abundantly”
“For young adults,the growth from silly to serious can be very fast, indeed.”
“To become, you must first believe.”
“The Sun-Dial at Wells CollegeThe shadow by my finger castDivides the future from the past:Before it, sleeps the unborn hourIn darkness, and beyond thy power:Behind its unreturning line,The vanished hour, no longer thine:One hour alone is in thy hands,--The NOW on which the shadow stands. ”
“Dust sleeping on your bookshelfand all your plants are drying outyou are too busy to save yourselfis your mind heading for burnout?Coffee rings on your bedside tableanxiety pills under your pillowcaseworking round the clock to foot the billis there no time for breakfast these days?Friends haven't seen you in a whileyour phone is always out of reachyou're slowly forgetting how to smileis your silence a figure of speech?Life can sometimes seem to be unfairbut hoping is better than you thinksend the message in a bottle if you dareis it so hard to not force yourself to sink?”
“How far can your imagination take you? I don't know. That's up to you, but I think you should find out.”
“Most people think the biggest sacrifice, the greates act of love you can give is to die for someone. And probably it is. But Sometimes it is the opposite. The biggest thing you can do for someone is to live.”
“You can'tstop dreamingjust becausethe night neverseems toend.”
“I m human, I m not perfect. Although, I make mistakes all the time.”
“The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.”
“If you can show people how to build castles, make sure you do not neglect building and nurturing your own.”
“Momentum builds success.”
“Get off the treadmill of consumption, replication, and mediocrity. Begin lifting the weights of creativity, originality, and success.”
“Nothing is permanent in my mysterious world, even my moments of belief - Jenifer”
“Be a worthy worker and work will come.”
“Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.”
“Like everything else, we know the futility of money only when we have more than enough of it.”
“Just be happy that it is what it is and not what it could be because after all, it could always be worse”
“The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.”
“Self -pity is the worst form of poison. It kills a person without the person realizing it ~ Aarush Kashyap”
“If you've delayed achieving your goals, have you ever asked yourself, "What's stopping you?”
“There is nothing that works out for the worst that won't work out for the better.”
“Always be happy, you never know how happy you can make another by just being happy.”
“It is our action that determines the viability of our dream.”
“Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.”
“Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.”
“Let them be what they want to be. Make yourselves what you want to be.”
“Best Way to Stay Happy is to be busy.”
“laughing is good. so long as you are not insulting anyone.”
“You're going to find the people that make it work NEVER quit, quitting is NOT an option.”
“You have tried to be superior in an ordinary realm. Now you must learn to be ordinary in a superior realm.”
“The decision is your own voice, an opinion is the echo of someone else's voice.”
“The greatest reward for a man's failure is not necessarily the consequent success, but what he becomes by it.”
“Don't let him take who you are. Make him fear who you'll become.”
“mereka tidak dapat mengambil harga diri kita kalau kita tidak memberikannya kepada mereka”
“jika sebuah mata harus dibalas dengan sebuah mata, hanya akan membuat seluruh dunia ini buta”
“It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.”
“The way you live your day is a sentence in the story of your life. Each day you make the choice whether the sentence ends with a period, question mark, or exclamation point.”
“The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts; it gives you what you demand with your actions. In essence, you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE.”
“Acceptance makes an incredible fertile soil for the seeds of change.”
“...Or we can blaze! Become legends in our own time, strike fear in the heart of mediocre talent everywhere! We can scald dogs, put records out of reach! Make the stands gasp as we blow into an unearthly kick from three hundred yards out! We can become God's own messengers delivering the dreaded scrolls! We can race dark Satan himself till he wheezes fiery cinders down the back straightaway....They'll speak our names in hushed tones, 'those guys are animals' they'll say! We can lay it on the line, bust a gut, show them a clean pair of heels. We can sprint the turn on a spring breeze and feel the winter leave our feet! We can, by God, let our demons loose and just wail on!”
“Instead of bracing yourself for the perils of the unknown, embrace the joy that is here, in your present moment.”
“Procrastination is the bad habit of putting of until the day after tomorrow what should have been done the day before yesterday.”
“الصداقة الحقيقية تُعيدُ تعريف المطر لأنها تأتي دون مقابل”
“A life without regret can be attained by full awareness of one's actions in their present moment.”
“Spirituality is for people. It’s not just for those who you might have read about in books, it’s for people.”
“Athletes who are able to stay completely focused in pursuit of their dreams are the ones that are most likely to become champions.”
“There’s a Chinese proverb that says “Wisdom is avoiding all thoughts that weaken you &amp; embracing those that strengthen you” Your mind is like a Ferrari (Or your favorite car) it is Awesome!...but if you put sand on the gas tank it won’t run. Don’t put sand (negativity) on your mind. Think positive, encouraging, uplifting thoughts, &amp; the negative will soon evaporate.”
“There is a thin line between the impossible and the possible - that is determination.”
“Success is within reach of all people, but you can grasp it only when you realise the power within you.”
“المتصالح مع ذاته يشبه النهر الذي يستمر في صبّ مياهه العذبة في البحر المالح على الرغم من علمه بأنه لن يحيله حلواً، فهو يعلم بأن مهمّته تكمن في ري الأراضي التي يمر عليها وليس في تحلية مياه البحر”
“Who should we be trying to make the most proud? Our family? Our friends? Our teachers or bosses? What about the one who molded us out of the earth itself, who formed us like clay, and instilled within us the very breath of life that shaped the universe?”
“Death is more uni­ver­sal than life; everyone dies but not every­one lives.”
“معرفتك لأسباب فشلك ستوصلك إلى القمة ومعرفتك لأسباب نجاحك ستبقيك عليها”
“Circumstances, knowledge or birth do not determine the realisation of your desires. It is only you who are blocking the achievement of your dreams and goals.”
“السعادةُ لا تأتي بشروط”
“Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.”
“This inner Being is all powerful, intelligent, indestructible and a storehouse of knowledge and wisdom. This inner core is truly who and what you are and is perpetually trying to connect with your outward self.”
“الأملُ ثورة فرديةٌ على الألم”
“السعادة طريقة وليست طريقا”
“be who you set out to be...”
“It so happens that at times your desires tend to disagree with the reality and this is due to the fact that you have not let the two elements complement each other.”
“Each man follows his own path - his own destiny, if you will. And only he is responsible for the choice.”
“Bukan sifatku untukk kalah tanpa bertarung, bahkan saat kemungkinan untuk menang tampak begitu tipis. -Katniss”
“To believe in miracles in one thing...to know what miracle you want to manifest right now, and accept it, is another.”
“We, as human beings, enjoy freedom of choice.Your attitude is your choice!”
“Strive to make small changes and learn something new daily, because there is always these experiences you have had to tap into for the future.”
“Bukan melupakan yang jadi masalahnya. Barangsiapa yang bisa menerima, maka dia akan bisa melupakan, hidup bahagia. Tapi jika dia tidak bisa menerima, dia tidak akan pernah bisa melupakan.”
“Convince yourself everyday that you are worthy of a good life. Let go of stress, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.”
“Those who don't value their words, will never value your wishes.”
“Everyone has moments of weakness. But that doesn't make you weak.”
“True leaders bring out your personal best. They ignite your human potential”.”
“Bukan seberapa lama umat manusia bisa bertahan hidup sebagai ukuran kebahagiaan, tapi seberapa besar kemampuan mereka memeluk erat-erat semua hal menyakitkan yang mereka alami.”
“Live as many lives as you can.”
“The secret to strong leaders is that strong leaders are strong because they have been tempered by the negative. They have discovered the secret of combining the negative and the positive to PRODUCED their very own POWER plant!”
“Great losses are great lessons.”
“I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.”
“To fall in love for any reason does cause fires of emotion. When we are in love, we ride on a positive energy as compared to not being in love. When we are love, we transcend conditional love to that of unconditional and we are now flowering in consciousness. Love is a very important element of consciousness as it becomes purer with Source union even as our consciousness is expanded further. Consciousness is love that is light.”
“Everyone has too much of something, whether it’s time, talent or treasure. Everyone does have their own half, you just have to find it.”
“MY FIVE DOS FOR GETTING BACK INTO THE GAME: 1. Do expect defeat. It’s a given when the stakes are high and the competition is working ferociously to beat you. If you’re surprised when it happens, you’re dreaming; dreamers don’t last long. 2. Do force yourself to stop looking backward and dwelling on the professional “train wreck” you have just been in. It’s mental quicksand. 3. Do allow yourself appropriate recovery—grieving—time. You’ve been knocked senseless; give yourself a little time to recuperate. A keyword here is “little.” Don’t let it drag on. 4. Do tell yourself, “I am going to stand and fight again,” with the knowledge that often when things are at their worst you’re closer than you can imagine to success. Our Super Bowl victory arrived less than sixteen months after my “train wreck” in Miami. 5. Do begin planning for your next serious encounter. The smallest steps—plans—move you forward on the road to recovery. Focus on the fix. MY FIVE DON’TS: 1. Don’t ask, “Why me?” 2. Don’t expect sympathy. 3. Don’t bellyache. 4. Don’t keep accepting condolences. 5. Don’t blame others.”
“Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.”
“Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart.”
“In our worldly perceptions of Jesus, we tend to embrace the kindness of his love ('be encouraged') but not the discipline of his love ('and sin no more'). But with the whole scope of his love, or maturity in Christ, we begin relying on him for guidance where we would prefer him to walk beside us rather than behind us.”
“Dare to be a fool in the face of impossibilities.”
“You have pissed your last in this house . . . and I don't make velvet roses anymore.”
“Greatness comes from the inside and once you believe you have it, it's yours to share with the world.”
“Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.”
“Holding on to the past will hold you down in life. Learn from it but move on.”
“For the grateful, there is no room for disappointment; Each moment offers life.”
“You are the most important project in your life. Spend time, work carefully, and act with positive intent as you work to create your best self. This life is your masterpiece. You are a masterpiece.”
“What would life be if we didn't shake and wake ourselves up once and a while”
“The strong man is not one who is good at wrestling, but the strong man is one who controls himself in a fit of rage.”
“Strange things are always abounding. Watch and discern. There is always a lesson to be learned. ”
“If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.”
“If you dare take the challenge, you will possess the courage to conquer.”
“Usually people don't see beyond the surface of things and cannot understand more other than the obvious; they are used to judging a book by its cover, and that is why they don't hesitate to bully.”
“Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,”
“Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.”
“If you get clear on the what, the how will be taken care of.”
“Like everything in life, it is not what happens to you but how you respond to it that counts.”
“It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.”
“Don’t hide what you have just because people tell you it’s not normal. I have known normal people…and guess what? They are as boring as hell...”
“Shame and blame should have no place in our body, mind, or spirit.”
“Just like your body and lifestyle can be healthy or unhealthy, the same is true with your beliefs. Your beliefs can be your medicine or your poison.”
“Reach for the sky but keep your feet on the ground”
“Our perceptions are influenced by our surroundings.”
“You must take responsibility for removing I can't from your vocabulary.”
“You can start to change your luck today. Begin believing that you can have what you desire and superior things will arrive.”
“Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.”
“Fear is the Fatal killer of Desire.”
“Don't be indifferent about any random idea that occurs to you, because each and every idea is for a particular purpose. it may not be beneficial to you, but can be what others are craving for”
“Through my choices and actions, I have learned the most effective way of speaking to God is without saying a word.”
“The thrust of continuous action is the firewood which fuels motivation.”
“On your quest to spirituality it is often required to suspend your rationality; but true spirituality asks that you enhance your rationality.”
“Don't violate the law, but don't reject an idea because it's illegal. You might be able to get the law changed.”
“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.”
“If you are not able to see your goals, they will take longer to achieve, and sometimes “longer” is "never.”
“Along our chosen paths, we all meet up with demons. We must meet them, and battle them, even when they are nothing but mist in the night.”
“Faith is the poetry of our dreams; action is the builder of our reality.”
“I ask myself: Are Defeats necessary ?Well,necessary or not, they happen.When we first begin fighting for our dream, we've no experience and make many mistakes.The Secret of life, though,is to fall seven times and to get up eight times !”
“Holding on, holding out and holding fast when the going is tough constitutes a winning mindset.”
“Make peace with your past so you don't mess up the present!”
“We learn best when we care about what we are doing, when we have choices. We learn best when the work has meaning to us, when it matters. We learn best when we are using our hands and our minds.We learn best when the work we are doing is real and relevant.”
“Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.”
“Viața nu e suport pentru artă. Invers stau lucrurile.”
“It takes understanding to be outstanding”
“Anytime you're afraid to try something new...just remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the titanic.”
“To achieve anything, you must be prepared to dabble on the boundary of disaster.”
“The “Warrior Ethos” emphasizes placing the mission first, not accepting defeat, and being disciplined physically and mentally. Why? Because an American Soldier is a “guardian of freedom and the American way of life.”
“Without inspiration the best powers of the mind remain dormant. There is a fuel in us which needs to be ignited with sparks.”
“Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? There’s no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should’ve done or said, beating myself up &amp; making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesn’t work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on &amp; finish the year STRONG”
“Get a grip on yourself. there's only one god here on earth, and that's you. If you don't like the world, make one you like better.”
“العُظماء هم الذين انتصروا على أنفسهم قبل أن ينتصروا على الآخرين”
“الموهبة تصنع لك بداية جميلة والإصرار يصنع لك نهاية أجمل”
“كلما زادت وُعورة الطريق كانت نهايته أجمل”
“اليأس هو آخر محاولة قبل النجاح”
“Shrug off the no’s – they are temporary. This is your world. In your world there is only yes.”
“عندما أفشلُ أُوقِنُ بأنني أسير في الطريق الصحيح لأن الفشل يدفعني إلى العمل أكثر”
“التفاؤل قَدَرٌ لم يتحقق بعد”
“Submission to what people call their 'lot' is simply ignoble. If your lot makes you cry and be wretched, get rid of it and take another.”
“النّصرُ لا يتأخر نحن الذين نسْتَعجِله”
“Trust your passion, identify your dreams, and find the courage to share them with others, no matter how many times they call you a fool.”
“أحب مفترقات الطرق لأنها تدفعنا إلى الاختيار”
“عندما نتأمّل فإننا نعرف دون أن نفكّر ونصل دون أن نقطع الطريق”
“النجاح يدلّنا على الطريق والفشل يدلّنا على الطريقة”
“Not matter what your sacred or religious book is, it's not how well you know the book, it's how well you're in alignment with the author.”
“النهضة ليست خُرافة إذا آمنا بها وحتى الخرافات تكون مُلهمة أحيانا”
“النصرُ لا يتأتّى لِمَن يُمعِنُ النظر خلفه”
“Living life ONCE is enough...if you live life RIGHT.”
“الأفكار العظيمة هي التي تجعلنا نتحمّس من أجلها لا التي تجعلنا نغضب من أجلها”
“Life of any real value or substance is not formed during good times merely enjoyed.”
“Cada persona tendrá su propia lista, su propio pedazo del país colgado del corazón. Una lista larga, rica colorida, voluptuosa, fragante. Una lista con la cual contener el pesimismo; una vacuna contra la desilusión. Una lista de lo mejor de México. Una lista para despertarse en las mañanas.”
“Don’t forget to collect the memories on your journey. Remember, if you only focus on your destination, you will miss out on the benefits of the journey.”
“Great treasures bring out great greed in the hearts of men and great greed has been the downfall of many nations. - from "Opoponax Dreams”
“... Gunpei Yokoi, asked his boss, 'What should I make?' Nintendo chief executive Hiroshi Yamauchi replied, 'Something great.'Game Over Nintendo's Battle to Dominate Videogames”
“Confidence can be learned - but not from a book. Confidence comes from from living.”
“Turn obstacles into opportunities and problems into possibilities.”
“What would have become of Hercules do you think if there had been no lion, hydra, stag or boar - and no savage criminals to rid the world of? What would he have done in the absence of such challenges? Obviously he would have just rolled over in bed and gone back to sleep. So by snoring his life away in luxury and comfort he never would have developed into the mighty Hercules. And even if he had, what good would it have done him? What would have been the use of those arms, that physique, and that noble soul, without crises or conditions to stir into him action?”
“I'm not happy when I'm writing, but I'm more unhappy when I'm not.”
“For this reason a prince ought to take care that he never lets anything slip from his lips that is not replete with the above-named five qualities, that he may appear to him who sees and hears him altogether merciful, faithful, humane, upright, and religious. There is nothing more necessary to appear to have than this last quality, inasmuch as men judge generally more by the eye than by the hand, because it belongs to everybody to see you, to few to come in touch with you. Every one sees what you appear to be, few really know what you are, and those few dare not oppose themselves to the opinion of the many, who have the majesty of the state to defend them; and in the actions of all men, and especially of princes, which it is not prudent to challenge, one judges by the result.”
“...[I]ron discipline does not preclude but presupposes criticism and contest of opinion within the Party. Least of all does it mean that discipline must be 'blind'. On the contrary, iron discipline does not preclude but presupposes conscious and voluntary submission, for only conscious discipline can be truly iron discipline.”
“The moon stared at me through sprinkled nighttime stardust and I alone smile.”
“Hopes, wants and wishes, all cast across the night sky with my heart in tow.”
“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.Third should come understanding.Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.”
“Those who win never give up.Those who give up never win.”
“In your name, the family name is at last because it's the family name that lasts.”
“Never ever forget that you enlisted in the ranks – you weren’t press ganged or drafted. Nobody owes you anything – least of all respect for your work – until you’ve earned it with what you put on the page.”
“Be the positive impact on someone’s life.”
“She sincerely wishes success, for her new life, and intends that no failure of effort, temper, or spirits on her part will jeopardise it.”
“What you wish to be, be.”
“Right beneath the numerous sufferings in life lies the precious gift called success.”
“Those who win never quit; those who quit never win.”
“Don't go downhill just because it's easy. The view is only visible from the top.”
“Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.”
“Win or lose, you are trying, that's what matters.”
“Confident Assured Posture: Foundation of Powerful Style”
“Man is not merely born to make money. But to fulfill is mission.”
“Not all things that fall down break. Some develop wings.”
“Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.”
“Start small and keep going.”
“We put great expectations on our tomorrows when we truly need to rely on ourselves. Far too many overlook personal action, as a means to get things done. Blame is easily passed if one does not hold themselves accountable.”
“Changing a Habit is Never Difficult.Difficult is to Address Your Unwillingness to do it”
“If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.”
“At the end of the day, it’s your life. If you turn out good, the world celebrates you and with you (not minding how you achieved it). If bad, they abandon you (even if they gave you the advice that led you to doom). Just be you and follow your heart.”
“No crime is a means to an end. No crime can be rationalized.”
“If one thousand of you participate in the murder of one child, then one thousand of you are a thousand times guilty.”
“We cannot walk alone. And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back.”
“Before this generation lose the wisdom, one advice - read books.”
“Tomorrow will never call to ask your opinion; you don't control it. Stop allowing today's possibilities to be robbed by tomorrow's insecurities.”
“If you are going to be successful, you need to give up the phrase, "I can't" &amp; all of its cousins, such as "I wish I were able to.”
“Time is too short in this one life, to be able to do everything, but it definitely is long enough at least to be able to develop the will to do anything &amp; everything...”
“In meetings philosophy might work,on the field practicality works.”
“When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership”
“You are conditioned to believe that if you let go, if you surrender, you will either be a victim of circumstances and not assertive in your own being, or you will be viewed as being lazy, lacking in willpower, and un-motivated.Yet will and power cannot exist alongside one another. Motivation does not come into question when you surrender fully into the present moment. Motivation to do, to take action, to make moves, comes naturally from this surrender.”
“Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.”
“When you start to accept responsibility for the results you get in life, you also take back the power to change your future outcome.”
“The results of knowledge without application results in nothing at all. Do what you know better to do.”
“The victory over our inner self is a daily struggle. Be strong and do not give up.”
“Be creative enough to dream, brave enough to try, persistent enough to succeed, and humble enough to thank those who helped you along the way.”
“Failure does not connote that you achieved nothing. It denotes that you are on an adventure towards finding what will eventually advance you to the realization of your goals.”
“Let's always try to paint the truth ... our art must be made to mean something.”
“Perform your task and I shall know you. Perform your task and your genius shall befriend the more.”
“Just like waves in the ocean come and go, no challenge is permanent. Problems will come and go too. We must enjoy the Challenges just like we enjoy the Waves. - RVM.”
“Live! Don't just Exist!!! Don't drag through Life...Live each day as a Celebration.-RVM”
“Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.”
“En la vida se tienen pretextos o resultados. Hay quienes piensan que ambas cosas valen lo mismo.”
“Learning to focus on the big picture will help you keep things in a proper perspective.”
“With a decision and a defined purpose, you can begin work.”
“Busca, descubre, innova, conoce, encuentra… y sigue buscando.”
“Be as successful as a Smith.”
“Wisdom comes from knowing the order of things...and you are the first order of your business.”
“That failure serves a purpose!”
“It’s been said that legends are those who shape change into greatness; shaping change is one of the hallmarks of genius.”
“RVM Thoughts for Today - "Things will happen.You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse . React Positively. Live Happily ”
“Problems are everywhere, so are Solutions. Unfortunately, we see more of the Problems than the Solutions.-RVM”
“There is nothing so convincing as a thing well done.”
“Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.”
“Too often, people get stuck in a state of over-thinking, the result is that they never reach a decision.”
“Compete like you cannot fail.”
“The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.”
“The first step is the most important. It is the most crucial and the most effective as it will initiate the direction you have chosen.”
“Act like a champion, and then become one.”
“If not now, when?”
“Share your aspirations only with those who will support you, not those who will respond with doubt or lack of interest.”
“Blame is the creed of the disempowered.”
“I acquired courage from the masterpieces of sages. I came of age by their instructions to keep going, even in hard times. Then I learnt not to despair, even when it seemed that my world is falling apart. I learnt to possess fortitude.”
“If you want to continue to be the best in the world, then you have to train and compete like you are second best in the world.”
“You can keep pondering on which thing to do first or which path to take or by simply taking action now of most any kind, you may just find yourself on the way to where you most needed to go.”
“Men's best successes come after their disappointments.”
“If you remain static and wait for success to come to you it will certainly not happen.”
“It is one thing to know what should be done, it is another to do it.”
“A man who has come to the full realization of his responsibility to men won't stick to one man. It will be foolhardy if he does that.”
“Nothing could be any worse than having to turn to your friends, your colleagues and your loved ones and say –‘I gave up too soon’.”
“Success is simply never giving in to failure - either in mind or body.”
“It is true to say that the secret of a winning formula is the ability to accept that there is a vast area of unexploited potential beyond what you currently perceive to be your maximum.”
“Over the years, I've come to realize that determination makes one to punch above one's weight.”
“The only test is what you see when you look in a mirror.”
“When a man begins to do that which is assigned to him, it becomes as if he is more endowed and favoured than his fellows.”
“The sprint is like life ... blink and you miss it.”
“If you are able to focus unswervingly on your goals, then all that you desire will become yours.”
“Mix with positive-minded people as a means to tap into your unexploited potential.”
“Maybe the secret to continued success is as simple as knowing that your past successes could be done so much better now.”
“Just identify the very first physical action you need to take, and do it.”
“The slogans “hang on” and “press on” have solved and will continue to solve the problems of humanity.”
“100% of a Guru’s marketing plan depends on you holding the belief that you are not enough; that you were created less equipped than necessary to fulfill your purpose. What if you let go of that belief and connected with the truth of your innate power to change and shape your life? You ARE enough. You CAN change and shape your own life. Anyone who tells you different is simply lying. Your life has immeasurable potentiality for greatness; act accordingly.”
“You have to create your self-belief by going to your core to find the probable reasons for the negativity in you, and then demolish them.”
“There are three types of people in this world. Firstly, there are people who make things happen. Then there are people who watch things happen. Lastly, there are people who ask, what happened? Which do you want to be?”
“If obstacles are large, jump higher.”
“If you have positive energy you will always attract positive outcomes.”
“Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.”
“It is action that creates motivation.”
“See it first in your mind, then become it.”
“A mind filled with negative thoughts makes you feel miserable and inadequate and will lead to failure after failure no matter how hard you try to succeed.”
“Invest your energy in the things you can control.”
“Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.”
“Lucky people will focus on what’s in front of them rather than scrabbling about for what they’re searching for.”
“Your current apathy is simply your soul telling you that it is confused.”
“To think is good. To obsess is bad.”
“The challenge for you is to decide not what is important, but what is most important and then focus your attention on that.”
“Explore. Train your conscious mind and your subconscious mind to start working for you by getting those great powers to move in a new direction. Start creating your own good luck today.”
“Remember, if you don’t do anything – if you don’t change the way your mind works and direct your subconscious mind to create the life you want – then everything stays the same, nothing changes.”
“They don’t give Olympic medals out for talking a good game.”
“Do you want to know what one of the secrets to achieving all of your goals is? You’ve got to be committed.”
“If not you, who?”
“Although you can’t go back in time and alter your natural level of potential, you can determine how much of that ability you tap into, exploit and develop for the future.”
“When you think a positive thought, you become positive.”
“The people and successes in your life mirror your beliefs.”
“Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.”
“Success is virulent. Once you get the bug then it’s in you.”
“If you decide not to take action, you are going to fail, and even if you do take action, if you can’t keep up your motivation, you will simply end up back where you started.”
“For many, lack of achievement is more a consequence of fear of taking a chance and getting uncomfortable.”
“The way forward is to stop pestering yourself for answers and let it, the creative part of your mind, come up with the solution when the time is right.”
“These are the people who will encourage you to go after your dreams and will inspire you to succeed. Stick to them like a barnacle to a rock.”
“Trust in your own beliefs or succumb to the influence of others’.”
“To deliver your own personal maximum, you’ll realise there are no shortcuts; if you want to be a champion it is all about rolling your sleeves up and getting stuck in.”
“See it, feel it, trust it!”
“Are you living in the moment?”
“Are you seeking to be offended?”
“What is an unconditional state?”
“If humans can live for 100 years, why do companies die so young.”
“I can only strive for what is important”
“The real beginning of influence comes as others sense you are being influenced by them--when they feel understood by you--that you have listened deeply and sincerely, and that you are open.”
“Тяжело бремя жизни": не прикидывайтесь такими неженками! Все мы выносливы, как вьючьные ослы.”
“Ye are most strong, ye Sons of the icy North, of the far East, far marching from your rugged Eastern Wildernesses, hither-ward from the gray Dawn of Time! Ye are Sons of the Jotun-land; the land of Difficulties Conquered. Difficult? You must try this thing. Once try it with the understanding that it will and shall have to be done. Try it as ye try the paltrier thing, making of money! I will bet on you once more, against all Jo'tuns, Tailor-gods, Double-barrelled Law-wards, and Denizens of Chaos whatsoever!”
“Fool! The Ideal is in thyself, the impediment too is in thyself: thy Condition is but the stuff thou art to shape that same Ideal out of: what matters whether such stuff be of this sort or that, so the Form thou give it be heroic, be poetic? O thou that pinest in the imprisonment of the Actual, and criest bitterly to the gods for a kingdom wherein to rule and create, know this of a truth: the thing thou seekest is already with thee, ‘here or nowhere,’ couldst thou only see!”
“We cannot put off living until we are ready. The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness: it is always urgent, ‘here and now,’ without any postponement. Life is fired at us point-blank.”
“PDA untuk mengurus masa”
“Jenifer always taught me that starting a job was one thing―—and admirable―—but that following through and completing―—well, that’s where the bravery is.”
“Look around you. Your world-hosts are all in mutiny, in confusion, destitution; on the eve of fiery wreck and madness! They will not march farther for you, on the sixpence a day and supply-demand principle; they will not; nor ought they, nor can they. Ye shall reduce them to order, begin reducing them. to order, to just subordination; noble loyalty in return for noble guidance. Their souls are driven nigh mad; let yours be sane and ever saner.”
“We do not just go through life blindly,we create our own journey.Your faith has sculpted you into the human being you have become.”
“North Carolina has a monument to [Peter Francisco], and no one knows that. That's the kind of stuff that drives me.”
“(The subjects of What Should I Do With The Rest Of My Life) "have convinced me that past failing can as easily prove preparatory as predictive. Age does not of itself limit on enable us. The choice is ours.”
“What you still need to know is this: before a dream is realized, the Soul of the World tests everything that was learned along the way. It does not because it is evil, but so that we can, in addition to realizing our dreams, master the lessons we've learned as we've moved toward that dream. That's the point at which most people give up. It's the point at which, as we say in the language of the desert, one dies of thirst just when the palm trees have appeared on the horizon.”
“We meet people for two reasons: to give them the opportunity to change us or to give them a chance to change themselves.”
“You can cross the shore without getting wet, but you can't get through life without tears.”
“You can create a healthy body, a loving relationship, a magnificent life and ultimately carve an ULTIMATE YOU with your thoughts.”
“Enslavement is still enslavement, no matter how soft the chains.”
“Treason is a blow that comes unexpectedly. If you know your heart well, it will never be able to do that to you. Because you'll know its dreams and wishes, and will know how to deal with them. You will never be able to escape from your heart. So it's better to listen to what it has to say. That way, you'll never have to fear an unanticipated blow.”
“People not always recognize what we have done. Most of the time they just see what we haven't.”
“For the time being, the future may appear dim with hardly anything to live for. But it is not the end of the world. There is today to live for and a possible tomorrow yet to come. If we can learn to come to terms with present conditions whilst looking to the future, the pain may be a little more tolerable. There is hope for making tomorrow different from today.”
“You can't motivate someone until and unless you're motivated. The motivated person can help you by his successful stories while a demotivated person can motivate you his failure experience.”
“What i want is to feel. To feel the sun on my skin, warming it gently &amp; not burning it. A wind in my hair rather a soft chilly breeze wanting me to capture the moment &amp; put it on repeat. Be on a highway with either a sunrise or a sunset with mountains/hills on one side while an empty road and ocean on the other with soft music playing that would make you fall in love and feel alive.”
“Cuando estés en una situación en la que falle la lógica, no desesperes, la parte receptiva te dará una idea. Si la sigues, se te abrirán muchas puertas. Pero puede que no la sigas y digas: que tontería!”
“Life fuck me oftentimes, but I never take it as rape. Because I enjoyed the fuck.”
“The faith my father has in me it is the greatest gift he has ever given me. More than a father, he is a friend, a true friend.”
“When people maximize their set of talents, they shine because no one can do what they do. People fully inhabiting their unique mixture of skills are inimitable”
“I give you comfort. I give you peace. I give you joy. I give you hope. I give you life.” Jesus kept talking to her. “I give you strength. I give you love. I give you power. I give you Me.” Jennifer started jumping up and down and hugging Jesus.”
“None can predict one's real nature when everything goes in a perfect way.”
“Work hard to get what you need or accept what's coming to you. After all, you have no right to complain, trying nothing for what you needed.”
“Don't worry about anything. If something is meant for you, it will come to you somehow. There is nothing to worry, just give it some time. if its not meant for you, it will never come to you. Your worry never makes a sense there. But your will power is something that let the things falls for you.”
“Your will power is everything that let the things fall for you.”
“Don't worry about anything.If something is meant for you, it will come to you somehow. There is nothing to worry, just give it some time. If it's not meant for you, it will never come to you. Your worry never makes a sense there. But your will power is something that let the things fall for you.”
“Life is all about lows and highs like a sound wave. You will be bored hearing a tune with a single note. Modulations makes the tune beautiful, ups and downs make our life crazy.”
“What can give you everything could cost you everything.”
“Go, get some work. Keeping yourselves busy could solve many problems.”
“You cannot expect gratitude from people who live in the opportunistic world.”
“Even those fallen leaves dance, on the musical wind cadence.”
“It's really ingenuity through ingenious simplicity of intuition from quintessence. Versatile in these versus, versifying my own originality. These wise words are like deep waters; wisdom flows from the wise like a bubbling brook. I was sin stained but now I'm blood washed. I went from sin to seer by becoming sincere; give ear for it's faith in the face of fear.”
“There is nothing original about advising others to be original, if one hasn't done anything original oneself.”
“It's more important you see a hero in you than others see a superhero in you.”
“To be a powerful guy you should control that power and know how to use it wisely.”
“Destiny is not written until you accept things to happen.”
“Maturity is knowing everybody has their own persception and they are right when we see them from their perspective.”
“Don't be afraid of the future as it's always uncertain. Your mind and hands together can make your future better. So, don't spend time thinking while doing nothing.”
“When things are not happening as planned just stop worrying and take an unplanned break to regain yourself.”
“Do things that give you happiness increasing your respect in yourself.”
“Feeling stressed...? Get your bike, go on a ride...”
“Love yourself in such a way, you never lose yourself in any instance.”
“Don't ever leave a person who holds you for one reason they believe in you, in spite of the thousand reasons you show them to leave.”
“People told Henry Ford he couldn't do it. People told Thomas Edison he couldn't do it. People told Andrew Carnegie he couldn't do it. People told Jesus Christ he couldn't do it.They all have in common they were told they couldn't do it and they all have something else in common, they all did it!”
“See I woke up to this God-body movement, three eyes wide open to this God-mind blueprint. The dynamic of this climax at the peak of a God-conscious is what I seek. Subliminally, I speak fluent, 10 figure mind, I just do it. Life unravels its turmoils and these pen to paper sessions ease my pain and free my mind as I watch the rain, looking through the souls window for a sign. Take you pass the senses into the sixth, take you into a place of paradise and bliss in all but only a few notice.”
“The only people who don't make any mistakes are those who don't do anything.”
“Nobody cares how many times you failed once you succeed and be a brand. Illuminating present doesn't allow folks to recall your dark past.”
“Don't tell us who's your friend and who is not,for no one in the universe can be a permanent enemy”
“Me: Can you define yourself?Fate: The mighty didn't give me an identity.Me: How would you like to work on one's life?Fate: I don't have a certain way, I always like to work as per one's will.”
“Feel proud of yourself.”
“Try not to waste energy worrying if others get you. As long as you get yourself that’s all that matters.”
“You can’t be the only superhero around here. I can do that too. – Hope Danielles”
“Like anything in life, spending time around good things will eventually make us good, being around inspiring things leads to inspiration and so on. Be the artist of your own picture and make it a masterpiece.”
“Always seek the light even in the darkest atmospheres… that’s how we become victorious.”
“Always strive to do the right thing even when it isn’t a popular choice. By doing so, you become a better person.”
“A few lion-hearts must sacrifice their life, forgetting fame, fun and fortune, so that the rest of humanity can live.”
“When we set goals that feel safe and achievable, we are caving in to our own preconceived notions of what we are capable of.”
“Observation is awakening to revelation of life!”
“The world doesn’t stop, and neither will we."-Naomi”
“Not yet...I'm not done yet”
“Everyone is mad for something, I am mad for everyone.”
“Why doesn't something extraordinary happen to me? Because darling, you are the extraordinary that happened to the world.”
“It’s an act of courage whenever you make the decision to accept responsibility for every choice and decision you make.”
“When you take ownership, you don’t have to worry about what happens to you or how other people might treat you or what obstacles might come your way, because ultimately you are in control.”
“Fear is a funny thing.... The very instinct designed to protect us also holds us back.”
“Don't be a cow.Fly up your young life”
“Let your fear of regret be stronger than your fear of failure.”
“Big goals provide the road map for our lives, the compass that tells us we’re moving in the right direction.”
“If your ultimate goal is not to have a home that looks like it belongs in a magazine or to drive a Cadillac Escalade, then what sense does it make to compare yourself - or your home or your vehicle - to the friends who has made that her primary objective?”
“You see, when we set goals that feel safer and achievable, we are caving in to our own preconceived notions of what we are capable of. We’re not pushing past our comfort zone; we’re just settling for status quo.”
“No one gets a free pass. None of us are guaranteed a perfectly pleasant journey free of hardship, struggle, and pain.”
“Have you ever heard of SMART goals? It’s basically the idea that your goals should be Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant, and Time Bound. Meaning, you should know exactly what can actually accomplish; it should be meaningful to you; and it should have a deadline.”
“Rules are for suckers.”
“Life is not fully lived, until you are willing to die for your dream.”
“Failure is the first success.”
“Most motivational speakers typically use anecdotes rather than statistics to prove their point. They don’t speak about the thousands of failures of millions of hapless men and women but always tell the story of one successful person to prove their point. They make great promises akin to a good salesman out to sell his wares. Many people follow their advice and unfortunately discover that they still are not able to achieve the promised success.”
“That red leaf is so much more than an ordinary leaf; it is a day in my life,and quantities are limited.Whether it be a frantic Monday or a draining Wednesday, each day is a leaf drifting down, down, down.It might not be a vibrant, red leaf that takes my breath away, but it's a leaf that will never be on my tree of life again.”
“The world is always brimful with Love, just venture it.”
“Even then, understanding my life was nothing but an illusion. Individual parts put together could never account for all the factors of a lifetime or account for the mind and its different forms of consciousness.”
“Fate: I'm bringing a tough time to you. Me: I'm waiting.Fate: I will fuck you once again. Me: Ha Ha, Do it hard than the last time if you can.”
“When the vision of your dreams gets blurry remember to readjust your lens.”
“If you will not say never, someone else will”
“The future is a blank canvas. - Rise Up and Salute the Sun”
“If you forget how far you've come, reflect. Adjust the rearview mirror. Keep your eyes on the road ahead.”
“There is never ONLY pain”
“If you change your perspective, you'll change your path”
“Destination seems to be far for the ones who dream big rather than the ones who stood firm and obstinate for their Passion”
“I am the brilliant idiot who can answer almost anything except what my soul wants to ask me.”
“The love for your pack is the main reason that moves the world forward.”
“Time is a Trained Healer.”
“Teman yang paling baik adalah apabila kamu melihatnya, kamu teringat akan Allah." (Riwayat Hakim)”
“The key to success is to align passion with purpose. Then make your goals to achieve your purpose.”
“All girls are beautiful. If you do not see it; you are not looking at what matters most - the heart!”
“When God gives you a mountain of struggles to climb, it’s because He wants you to see the view from the top.”
“Be possessed, not with the evils of selfishness and bigotry, but with the values and vigor of humanism. Be possessed with courage. Be possessed with conscience. Be possessed with the power of reasoning. And above all, be possessed with tremendous confidence in the self.”
“I pretend I'm not afraid all the time,' he said.'We have a name for that ... we call that courage.”
“Being encourages in pain”
“A Bird sitting on a tree is never afraid of any breakage in the branches as because he keeps the trust on his wings rather than on the Branches. Stay alert and always Believe in Yourself”
“Remember you will on no occasion be criticised by somebody who is doing more than you. You will only be criticised by someone doing far less, or nothing or unable to reach what you are achieving.”
“You don't need to know everything, you just need to know yourself.”
“COURAGE doesn’t mean we are never scared. Courage is ACTION in the face of fear.”
“We must give freedom to our soul to fly every single day of our life, Or there will come a day when we will completely forget that we have wings.”
“Lack of self control leads to sin.”
“With inner strength, the soul can be still in the storm.”
“Pretty woman prays!”
“Believe, Become.”
“You get what you focus on in life.”
“Evil mind leads to evil action.”
“1.	You and only you are responsible for your happiness”
“Let your dream become a goal. Break it down into tiny pieces and that becomes your plan of action. Now go do it and your dream becomes your REALITY.”
“Whatever your calling, it's already rooted within you, and those roots can be trampled or tugged at but never removed. They grow stronger only when tended, nurtured, and most important, shared with others.”
“Wherever you are, make sure you’re there.”
“Fear is not weakness. It reminds us that we are human—with limitations. We are not gods. But, instead of hiding our fear, what if we faced it? For in facing what makes us afraid, we become stronger.”
“They are inked all over my skin;The words I wish that I could have said,The things I wish that I could have changed,The wounds, the scars, the struggles, and all the names of those who once did me wrong.The way I have it all written on my body has strengthened that soul of mine within,It makes me unstoppable and much more proud of my journey, how far I’ve become, and of the woman I grew up to be…”
“Be wise and break the silent treatment before it break down your relationship beyond repair. Pride repels love ask the devil he will tell you.”
“Be the best of your being.”
“Every mistake is a stepping stone to build well your soul.”
“Whenever you believe yourself learned you don't learn anymore.”
“Our world may not be the world we look forward to some days, and that's okay. There is tomorrow, and tomorrow is a new world.”
“Every emotion, every phrase or sentence, every bit of human action, can be a form of art. Art is not necessarily bound to the stereotypical notions of the human society. Art can come in the form of a little sentence, art can come in the form of a simple brush-stroke, art can come in the form of an everyday snapshot, art can come in the form of a plain strumming on the fret of an old guitar. Art doesn't require definition, and more importantly, art cannot be bound by the descriptions of words, yet words themselves can form the most rejuvenating and liberating form of art.”
“Sadness can block out the light ,So you have to be faster for the light and if darkness catches up just keep running .”
“If sadness blocks out the light you just got to run faster to the light and if sadness catches up just keep going”
“Dust Settle, Not Humans.”
“It's only seeds sown today that can be harvested tomorrow.”
“Sharon passed around a handout: "Triangle of Self-Actualization" by Abraham Maslow. The levels of human motivation. It resembled the nutrition triangle put out by the FDA, with five horizontal levels of multiple colors. I vaguely remembered it from my one college psychology course in the 1970's."Very applicable with refugees," Sharon said. "Maslow theorized that one could not move to a higher level until the prior level was satisfied. The first level, the triangle base, is physiological needs. Like food and water. Until a person has enough to eat and drink, that's all one would be concerned with."I'd never experienced not being able to satisfy my thirst or hunger, but it sounded logical that that would be my only concern in such a situation. For the Lost Boys, just getting enough food and water had been a daily struggle. I wondered what kind of impact being stuck at the bottom level for the last fourteen years would have on a person, especially a child and teen."The second level is safety and security. Home. A sanctuary. A safe place."Like not being shot at or having lions attack you. They hadn't had much of level two, either. Even Kakuma hadn't been safe. A refugee camp couldn't feel like home."The third level is social. A sense of belonging."Since they'd been together, they must have felt like they belonged, but perhaps not on a larger scale, having been displaced from home and living in someone else's country."Once a person has food, shelter, family and friends, they can advance to the fourth level, which is ego. Self-esteem."I'd never thought of those things occurring sequentially, but rather simultaneously, as they did in my life. If I understood correctly, working on their self-esteem had not been a large concern to them, if one at all. That was bound to affect them eventually. In what way remained to be seen. They'd been so preoccupied with survival that issues of self-worth might overwhelm them at first. A sure risk for insecurity and depression.The information was fascinating and insightful, although worrisome in terms of Benson, Lino, and Alepho. It also made me wonder about us middle-and upper-class Americans. We seldom worried about food, except for eating too much, and that was not what Maslow had been referring to. Most of us had homes and safety and friends and family. That could mean we were entirely focused on that fourth level: ego. Our efforts to make ourselves seem strong, smart, rich, and beautiful, or young were our own kind of survival skill. Perhaps advancing directly to the fourth level, when the mind was originally engineered for the challenges of basic survival, was why Prozac and Zoloft, both antidepressants, were two of the biggest-selling drugs in America."The pinnacle of the triangle," Sharon said, "is the fifth level. Self-actualization. A strong and deeply felt belief that as a person one has value in the world. Contentment with who one is rather than what one has. Secure in ones beliefs. Not needing ego boosts from external factors. Having that sense of well-being that does not depend on the approval of others is commonly called happiness."Happiness, hard to define, yet obvious when present. Most of us struggled our entire lives to achieve it, perhaps what had brought some of us to a mentoring class that night.”
“Find someone who knows you are not perfect but treats you like you are.”
“Worrying is an inkblot over life's wonderful itinerary.”
“Be somebody who is very hard to replace.”
“Everyone you meet has a part to play in your story. And while some may take a chapter, others a paragraph, and most will be no more than scribbled notes in the margins, someday, you'll meet someone who will become so integral to your life, you'll put their name in the title.”
“Choice is thicker than blood.”
“يجب أن نمتلك القدرة على تغير أنفسنا، الجرأة على أن نكون أسياد حياتنا الخاصة، الجرأة على الانغمار في اكتشاف ذواتنا.”
“أؤمن بالقدرة، ولا أؤمن بالقدر.”
“الموت هو الموجه الأكبر.إننا نحيا كأننا لن نموت أبدا، بيد أنه لتحقيق شيء ما في حياتنا، علينا أن نستحضر دائما في أذهاننا حتمية الموت.”
“أعرف أنك في هذه الآونة تقعين أحيانا فريسة لخوفك من الحياة أكثر من خوفك من الموت. وأعلم أنك في سبيل الخلاص من هذه المعاناة تلجئين في الغالب أكثر فأكثر لخيالك. لكن مايغيب عنك أن خيالك الآن هو بصدد تدميرك.لا يجب أن تصيخي السمع لهذا الصوت المتردد في داخلك بمديح الموت وكأنه الحل الوحيد أمامك. عليك بشجاعة المقاومة بدل الاستسلام للهزيمة. فالموت ليس الحل الأنسب للخوف والمعاناة.”
“Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.”
“Be Strong,Be brave,Be True.Endure”
“He said that right now was the most important moment—how they reacted to the failure. They could either let it stop them or they could redouble their efforts, figure out what went wrong, and fix their mistakes so they can make the next try a success.”
“Don't start your day with the broken pieces of yesterday. Every morning we wake up is the first day of the rest of our life.”
“A man is only as weak as his doubts weigh him down.”
“I believe that life holds a specific purpose for you, and the most important thing you can do is find it.”
“And the moon said to me - my darling daughter, you do not have to be whole in order to shine.”
“كان يوجه السؤال التالي: "لماذا لم تنتحر"؟ و من إجابتهم يهديه إلى علاجه النفسي: ففي حياة البعض، كان هذا الخط هو الحب الذي يربط الشخص بأبنائه؛ و في حياة البعض الآخر، كانت هي الموهبة التى عليه أن يستخدمها؛ و بالنسبة للبعض الثالث، ربما كانت هي الذكريات التى تستحق الاستبقاء.”
“It is better to explore a gainful uncertainty than to sit in a painful certainty.”
“Dear God. Mommy is going through a really hard time. I see the way she's given up. I know you can change everything around for her. I just know it.”
“When things don't go according to plan, plan according to how things go.”
“Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.”
“The Holy Bible is the sustainable solution to all problems.”
“Too tired of living under the same sky with their old faces.So sick of being in the same room with their echoing voices.They made my soul heavy, as much as they corrupted my mind.They forced me to see my world in their colors as if I were a colorblind.A walking dead is what they made of me, but I cannot take this anymore. I’ll find my way back home to the old me;To the beautiful dreamy little girl I’ve been before…”
“I’ve given up on many things through my life; One life itself,On people, on love,But never on myself…”
“Nothing is easy. But who wants nothing?”
“Embrace the importance of curiosity. Certainty is the opposite of growth. Don't live life as if you have everything figured out. Read, be curious, and always be open to change — because after all, where has your current thought process gotten you?”
“We live in a REAL life comic book - Good vs. Evil (The enemy). Who we focus on makes a difference in our daily actions and words.”
“The enemy's agenda is to build a vicious cycle of confused people who infect society with its evil ways ultimately destroying lives.”
“Your Dreams Matter. Like an athlete trains, so must the student of life. Train the mind, body and spirit, so you may achieve anything. Life is about sharing your dreams/purpose (gifts/passions/talents) with the world and helping others find their way.”
“We only have 2 choices in life and what we choose matters here, now and in the next life.”
“Success is the achievement of the goals and the dreams that satisfy your inner self.”
“Everyone deserves to live out their best life. The practical and most cost effective way to accomplish anything in life is to focus and study the name of Jesus.”
“If we do not know our biblical history, we are doomed to repeat the same mistakes generation after generation.”
“The more time you spend judging others, the less time you spend building your dream.”
“Most entrepreneurs have to go to hell, before finding heaven.”
“There's nothing called Best. There's always room for Better.”
“If you can't start today; you won't begin tomorrow.”
“If you are unsure which age group to write for, start with the story that's burning within.”
“Why do we always find “men at work” signs and not women?Because our lady-bosses are always at work regardless of what their job is. No, they don't need coat of arms around them.”
“There are no trips to your past that are free”
“God doesn't always gives us what we wantHe always gives us what is good for us.”
“Activate The Reset Button In Your Life &amp; Clear Out Old Things Taking Space That Don't Meet The Requirements of Your Internal Hard Drive.”
“Do you know why I talk less?Just because, "When I say a word I make sure that it's heavy enough.”
“A person cannot get through the fog in front of him if first he does not get past the fog he sees when he looks inside him”
“If you fail to build YOU, the company you used YOU to sell its products or services will definitely drop you when your value has diminished, and nothing will remain of you, except you've built more values into you!”
“Live Life, Laugh Lots, and Love Big!”
“Courage is life's only measure.”
“Su motivación era la insatisfacción, y la insatisfacción crónica, como todos sabemos, es un virus mortal.”
“Sometimes, even though we feel like the entire world is against us, the battle isn’t meant to be fought all alone. Strength can be found by opening our hearts to let the people who love us in.”
“It will eat you deeply, if you break your own wall.Just let 'it' test you and fight it on.”
“Putting people in boxes is either valuable or wicked depending on your end goal.”
“Both Coffee and Tea cannot be the same thing.”
“We're not just going to shoot the bastards, we're going to rip out their living goddamned guts and use them to grease the treads of our tanks.”
“Of course, mission abortedIs what happensTo a spy who goesChasing some fry.The super spy mustKeep constantlyThe big pictureBefore his very eye.Quarrels or fightsOr romance shouldNot move the spy.The super spyMust always playThe real tough guy.”
“Life has 'if' in it for a reason so make it count.”
“I have realized inEvery struggle to achieveA good thing in life,You'll meet opposition.Don't be daunted,Stay determined and focussedAnd somehow you'd getTo your destination.Obstructions are onlyArtificial walls thatAre hammered downBy your doggedness.You have to proveYou have resilienceBefore you finallyCan cruise to success.And don't be surprisedThat success bringsEveryone wantingTo hop into your bus –They would hug, hailAnd cheer; everyone wouldCelebrate you, of course.Everything you do,Do it well and thisWould bring you everySingle friend and fan.In everyone is the streak ofA champion: we step outWith our talent to furtherOur fabulous plan.”
“It is interesting that there can be gun turn-ins and buy-backs in Black neighborhoods and at the same time there are gun shows on the other side of town. (excerpt from "How to Move Black America Forward")”
“There might be many who discourage but always find your encouragement within.”
“Never change yourself to fit in!”
“There are many ways to say thank you, the best way is to say out loud, “I Love Myself”... From - I Love Myself-Discover A Life Through Self-Love”
“Love is the ultimate answer for all the questions in your mind.”
“You might not understand what i am doing because you cannot see it nor can you envision it but I am simply pulling my desired future out of the realm of the unknown into that of existence.”
“Every man has the ability to wheel into existence his own success.”
“How do you determine if a man is successful is it by the assets he currently owns or his abilities to wheel into existence everything he does not own.”
“Never mind just trust the process”
“All hypotheses are worth exploring! Even the crazy ones.”
“As we all know, life remains a mystery with so many things we would never get to their bottoms no matter how we try digging. The only thing I know, if I may borrow a saying from a friend of mine, is that the One who makes the snail to crawl slowly blesses it with ability to climb and hide among the leaves.”
“Let us do better.”
“Aim with the hand, shoot with the mind, kill with a heart like arctic ice.”
“Don't Beeg For The Respect, Unless You Have The Ability Of Achieving It”
“It’s all about having the heart … to leave the city and its false glitter for home if you’ve tried long enough and still can’t make it. I would be a big liar to tell you it’s easy to survive after having left home for years. You’re almost like a child when you return – you are starting from the scratch. But you have to behave like a child too if you’re ready to survive; be ever eager to learn. Get ready to take insults from every village rats set to eat your yams of respect and pride. Toe the line till you settle down properly and begin to understand the ways of the people back home. People would laugh at you at first but when your conditions start improving, everyone would laugh with you. Don’t forget the saying of our people: the same mouth that speaks of evil is the same mouth that speaks of good. It’s the heart to go back not minding the years that have been wasted. That is the secret.”
“Vecht tegen de dood. Geniet.Haal uit het leven wat erin zit!Breek uit die zelfgebouwde gevangenis!”
“Failure, when taken constructively is a great source of self-knowledge. - I Love Myself”
“When we get satisfaction in halfhearted efforts, thinking that it’s unimportant, we don't realize that others might also be doing the same, that leaves the team’s at a half-way mark, not a good position to be if the destination is success.”
“The goal of life should be to die with your memories, not your dreams.”
“The only source of knowledge is the experience”
“We have to pay a price for our every desire in order to achieve them” and that means, there is no such a thing as “something for nothing”
“You are able to attract anything you need to yourself because you are already connected to everything, seen and unseen.”
“Blow the words away from your pain, otherwise the mind will get sick.”
“They will judge with perfection the great things you have accomplished imperfectly.”
“It takes courage to be yourself.”
“The future has taken too many rain checks for us to deny it’s inevitable. Maybe the future is now, we’re just procrastinating the acceptance of its presence.”
“It takes courage to be yourself.”
“The bravest of whom I’ve known are those who have been through suffering, disappointments and pain. But still they choose to love fearlessly, give nonstop and live with hope that fills their lungs …”
“Dip your toe in every ocean and try everything and anything.”
“Once in awhile, the universe reminded her just how special she is, that she can do great things if she wanted to”
“Every "Failure" brings new "Opportunity"Every "Darkness" brings new "Light"Every "Blindness" brings new "Vision"Every "No" brings new "Yes"Every "Closed Door" opens up a new doorThere is no such thing called "End of the World". Keep fighting the good fight my friend. One day would be yours, if not today, it will be tomorrow.”
“You Are Beautiful, Beautiful You Are”
“हौसले बुलंद करके ही अथाह समंदर पार होते हैं, लहर से तू डरता है क्यूँ, मरू में भी भंवर होते हैं। English Translation: Be brave. And if you are brave enough, you can cross the deepest of the oceans. Don't be afraid of the tidal waves. Tornados occur even in deserts.”
“A well-written article does not make what was written factual or something to subscribe to. Fiction does not become fact because it looks good.Fiction does not become fact because you wish it were true. Fiction does not become fact because it has turned into popular opinion.Remember this before reading the news, views, opinions or commentary.”
“There is only one thing that is more natural than thinking: breathing.  And it is in breathing that we find the door to happiness.”
“All your dreams can come true if you have the courage to pursue them”
“There is no fear more true than the one that passes through the mind in the form of a mere thought.”
“We charge a lot of money and give advice. We charge a lot of money so you remember the advice.”
“Your rewards in life will be determined by the quantum of problem/s you are able to solve for humanity”
“Conquer your fear and move up the ladder of success.”
“No matter the pain your vision will cost you, it will be nothing compared to the joy that comes thereafter, therefore fix your eyes on the vision.”
“Clarity is everything. If you don't know where you want to end UP, then the only place you'll go is DOWN.”
“History is written by the winners; strife to be one at all legitimate cost possible.”
“The higher you fly; the higher they look up to you, fly up for their sake.”
“–“If it were not possible, you will not be able to think it through.”
“It is from the overflow of our cup that we give off our best to others”
“A good way to ascertain what matters to you is to imagine the following: You wake up in the morning to the realisation that you have but a day to live. How would you want to spend that day? Who would you want to spend that time with?”
“Decide, commit, act, succeed, repeat. The one thing that all the greats have in common is they sweat the small stuff and they pay very close attention to every detail.”
“One thought alone is enough to stir a happy mind.”
“If you ask me what I live for, I'll say catharsis. And hope. And writing. I'll never be a defeatist”
“Dream as if you were awake.Live as if you were dreaming.”
“Service is the only path to greatness.”
“Progress requires sacrifice of security. And the only reason, humanity keeps on progressing, despite the fact that most of the human population do not sacrifice their security, is that, on behalf of the whole humanity, a handful of bravehearts do all the sacrificing and pain- bearing, yet people can’t manage to comprehend that we couldn’t have become the masters of this planet by living a comfortable and secure life. To have great progress, one must sacrifice small pleasures.”
“Take the steps beyond personal gain and personal pain, to bring victory upon humanity. Be the cause of humanity’s joy – be the cause of humanity’s cheer – be the cause of humanity’s harmony – and above all be the cause of humanity’s unification – even if it means walking on a road full of thorns every single day of your life.”
“Just Keep Grinning Till The World Stops Spinning”
“Part of being optimistic Is keeping one's head pointed toward the sun, one's feet moving forward”
“Visionaries are people who see things that others can't, won't or don't until the things come to fruition”
“Don't Get Caught Up In Arguments About The Minor Things While Losing Sight Of The Basics!”
“Most people accept a mechanistic worldview without thinking about it. They choose to live as little cogs inside a world they see as a huge factory. Their potential is shackled from early on and the limits to how much they can earn in their lifetime are already drawn. They think they need to control their greed and make sacrifices, and that only then can they overcome poverty.”
“As soon as you realise that you can surpass the unexpected situations with ease, you also realise that your confidence on the subject matter starts to grow. And then you know it’s all about heart and practice.”
“This is a motivational quote, get motivated”
“When you speak negative.Do negative think negative.Live a negative life.Negative things will happen to you.Then your whole life will fall apart.Live positively and your life will be filled with joy.”
“I marinate my life in gratitude, creativity and love. What about you?”
“Be smart by being alert.”
“Clever people learn from their mistakes; wise people study other people’s errors first.”
“People are like bees. They're all workers who could be queens, with the right stuff, but once a queen-making has begun, it can't be reversed. A bee that's half way a queen can't turn back into a worker. She'd starve. She must keep growing and then she must leave.”
“—El objetivo de cada hombre no debe ser llegar a un punto, sino avanzar desde donde está. ¿Avanzar hasta dónde? —preguntó retóricamente—. Eso depende de muchos factores. Hay que intentar dar un paso cada día, y cuando se retrocede esforzarse por recuperar lo perdido. Muchos no quieren, y muchos no pueden. Yo muestro el camino y hago de guía, pero cada uno debe realizar sus propios avances.”
“Marketers everywhere subtly reinforce your concerns and doubts – why do you fall for it?”
“Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your inner voice. Have the courage to follow your heart &amp; intuition.”
“I wanted to be a certain kind of woman. I became that kind of woman.”
“Your heart does have a mind. Allow it to speak. Soon you would regain confidence in your feelings. And begin to live in the Free manner, you have always dreamt to be!”
“Giving is worthy only when it's an exchange. That is something is getting out so that something else, more wonderful can be allowed to get in. Remember taking in Oxygen and giving out Carbon Dioxide!! That's how you should feel when you Give.”
“The change is a fickle thing, it never works the way you want it to be. Hell, you can only control one end of it, the other end is loose and free. And that other end is going to drive you nuts!”
“Life has changed a lot for me the moment I’ve learnt to embrace; the darkness, the chaos the mess and all those things I used to curse about myself.Self-love has nothing to do with neglecting your flaws or imperfections but to realize each one and be aware that despite it all you can fall in love with yourself over and over again. Because you simply deserve love…”
“Be transparent, but use wisdom. Everybody can’t handle the raw and uncut version of who you were and even who you presently are.”
“Stories have power. Gleemen's tales, and bards' epics, and rumors in the street alike. They stir passions, and change the way men see the world.”
“You can’t grab opportunities if you are still clinging to last year’s junk.”
“Doubt everything. Doubt everyone.Doubt yourself too.You will find endless possibilities.”
“Time heals, they say.But it’s not true.Time does not heal.There is onlythe flow of thoughts.”
“Hardships occur to build a person’s character.”
“There’s no sense in wasting your precious attention on pitiful jerks. They’re ordinary rowdies full of envy to any astounding individuals beyond average. You can ignore them; it’s what they’re worth.”
“We’re born to pilot our own plane and explore the world, not sit in the airport.”
“Stop thinking about what you're fighting against and start focusing on what you're fighting for.”
“The only time a man can do the right thing is right now.”
“I’ll be honest, Chancellor – revenge is the motivation for over half the decrees I’ve made.”– Dread Empress Sanguinia II, best known for outlawing cats and being taller than her”
“Compassion becomes an integral part of our spiritualwork, and we are truly motivated by it to help awaken everyone we come into contact with, in hopes that they cansee the light and love in their hearts, and be inspired todo the same for others. Together we can help spread lesssuffering on the planet, and carry on a goal for universalawakening.”
“Employee make a company rise and fall.”
“When I was in third grade, we had a mandatory environmental science class. The only thing I remember from that class, was when our teacher told us, 8 year olds, that in the state of Haryana in India - where I grew up - the water table was falling by almost 2 feet every year. For me, this fact suddenly converted this abstract idea of sustainable development into a very real problem that affected communities and people I knew.”
“Millions of people across the world live in a state of acute environmental crises caused by the lack of access to safe and usable water resources, because of natural disasters, socio-economic conditions, wars and conflicts. At Green the Gene, we are developing extremely simple yet highly technology and data intensive solutions tailored to address extremely specific problems faced by communities.”
“In your imagination, anything can happen… anything at all. In fact, everything is possible. How exciting is that!So free your imagination and let it take you away to a wonderful world of your dreams.This is where creativity resides.”
“There can be no glory without a struggle!”
“Good fortune is multiplied by our effort, not added to it. If your effort is zero and you multiply it, the outcome is still zero. In the end, you’ve gained nothing.”
“Problem is after experiencing the past we want to change our future by neglecting the reality of present we are making illusionsary world of future. Which isn't there actually.Because in the past we don't wanna live with some people but we lived with them intentionally or unintentionally. And we want to live with some people but unable to lived with them.In present we are doing the same.So In any phase of life don't neglect the reality.”
“There are many Mondays to go before I die. I may as well look forward to them.”
“Lack of safe and usable water access is not just a climate change problem, but it is also a gender equality challenge. Women are disproportionately affected by this water crisis as they often have to spend up to 6 hours every day collecting water.”
“Everyone's life has got at least one biggest positive surprise just wait for your's.”
“We all share the challenge to enter the abyss, tame our demons, discover our power, and return with the light.”
“Climate change is the greatest challenge of our generation and it is up to us - the young engineers, technologists and entrepreneurs to build solutions.”
“What you think I think of you is what you think of yourself”
“There is much to be said for the constructive contribution to creative and spiritual life; suffering can temper the soul.”
“There is much to be said for the constructive contribution of suffering to creative and spiritual life; suffering can temper the soul.”
“You must be like a battleship, an underwater river, that even when trapped never ceases to escape to the ocean”
“Please, do keep digging your own grave. I look forward to your splendidly inevitable demise.”– Dread Emperor Benevolent the First”
“Your mind is teeming with love, wisdom and freedom - all you need to do is open your eyes.”
“Affluence begins with the person in the mirror, every day is a new day.”
“A dream if like a whisper; soft and pleading. It's the trickle that needs to stirred.”
“If your life flashed before your eyes right now, would it be worth watching?”
“Not everything has to have a reason. You can do things simply because it’s fun or out of curiosity.”
“People will travel across the globe to observe and experience what they ignore at home.”
“You, my dear, have gone through things no one has a clue about and you survived. Even though you don't talk about it anymore, Be proud of yourself for not giving up. Be Proud!”
“Schooling isn't important to get success but studies, experiences and skills are essential.”
“When I drew, I drew for entire days because when I held the pencil in my hand, there was no darkness in my head any more.”
“Now and then, always be cutthroat or you'll be brushed aside.”
“As it was her lot that she had to go through the frustrations, disillusionments, privations, failures, and obstacles on her way to succeed—she will be strong enough to survive them, never giving up.Hardships occur to build a person’s character.The world is perfect, with all its imperfections.”
“I’m not gonna end my life on that! I’m not gonna be a fugitive! I’m not gonna let whoever cross over myself! I’m not going let the circumstances destroy me!” Emma promised in front of the heavens, feeling stronger than ever before.”
“If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life”
“Touch peoples at their kindness point, you will see them as clear as water.”
“Why long for heaven up there we don't see,When there's heaven down here that's so lovely.Why mind the hell up there we can't fathom,When there's hell down here that's worse than Sodom.”
“A lie is yet a lie, though bought worldwide;soon it shall fade with coming of new tide.Truth remains truth, though stepped on like a dime;soon it shall reign with the passing of time.A lie lasts as long as there's suppression,for lies were but of man's fabrication.Truth lasts as long as there's constellation,for truths were but of Nature's formation.”
“I know that in every age, in every place, love is certain to be present, anonymous to be found and concrete to be held onto, so there is no reason to tremble because life on earth is nothing but one brief moment, a moment truly worth living for, which becomes even wealthier when it is for someone like you. I have found that out by being with you. Having you in my life has brought me more happiness than a lifetime could bring. You've touched my life and my soul, so deeply in your own way that you’ve helped me laugh and become my true self. I feel like I've searched my whole life and I have finally found the one meant for me and even though our time together was short, it will not be forgotten but remembered forever and ever. I pray to the almighty that everything in future comes out perfect for us.”
“Man is not victim of environmentthat due to world's evil, life is torment.It's man who victimized environmentthat due to man's evil, world is lament.”
“Intelligence without Experience is Meaningless !”
“Running … led to a deep happiness that only comes from doing what you love, what your soul screams at you to do upon waking each day.”
“God never creates anything or anyone with imperfection; it's we human being who consider themselves imperfect. Perfection is within us; do practice.”
“If you don't like my face, you go to God;before my own mirror, nothing seems odd.If you don't like my guts, you come to me,so I can fix myself as well as thank thee.”
“Activate your energy,discover your sucess inside you "(C)(P) Succenergy by Tãnia Tomé”
“God designed love to make the world living;so if world's dying, we know what's missing.When missing, God designed another thing:"This one is hatred-to do repairing."Oh, how the world treats hatred as beastly;yet sans hatred, who'll fight depravity?Hatred used to correct is celestial;but when used to oppress, it is bestial.”
“Have you been caring to all your children?Will they take you than be at old folks' den?Will they feel honored pushing your wheelchair?Will hearts break when your breath runs out of spare?”
“I'm not alone, I have a dream.”
“Life is easy. Just choose the easiest way to celebrate it.”
“Don't live each day as if it were your last,for you might break your back and breathe your last.Rather, live as if a hundred days left;oh, not so pressured, of tension bereft.We do work to live, not do live to work;always rushing is not fun but a joke.Live each day not so stressed nor so relaxed;it's in balanced way where joy's at the max.”
“Reality has killed more dreams than doubt ever will.”
“Do not overreact to things beyond your control because you’ll lose.”
“Your happiness is defined in your mind not anywhere else. So, look no further!”
“Life is nothing but our own interpretations of it.”
“Man is alive by his hope.”
“A Shield for An Arrow, A Proof for a Gun, But Love Conquers Them All.”
“There's no succession without successor.There's no oppression without oppressor.There's no narration without narrator.There's no creation without Creator.”
“Since everything in this world is connected, be sure not to live life in a bubble of your own creation.”
“Your dedication define your success.”
“You don’t need to have a guide to succeed, rather need redirection of your thoughts.”
“Winners have justification, losers have an excuse.”
“We are the creator of our own sorrow in the form of expectations, “Expectation hurts.”
“It’s not ‘luck but well-directed efforts and hard work lead to success.”
“Happiness is like an outcome of a mechanical watch; you need to recharge your happiness hormones every day.”
“Success is not an outcome of hard work, but of work from the heart.”
“Be like the lotus, believe in your strengths; grow through the dirt.”
“Nourishing the known you is gain; struggling with the unknown you is a pain.”
“So it’s up to you where you want to go…. You will decide whether to chase an infinite target or a measurable value.”
“We can’t build our destiny by carrying rented thoughts in mind.”
“Take control over your goal; be the driver, not the passenger. Don’t let anyone else decide your goal.”
“Every odd is unique. There is a reason behind every odd; every such scene around us is backed by cause and effect relationship.”
“whatever it is, decentralisation is the key of progress for human/country/society. centralisation will always disruptive in long term.”
“When I was growing up it was still acceptable—not to me but in social terms—to say that one was not interested in science and did not see the point in bothering with it. This is no longer the case. Let me be clear. I am not promoting the idea that all young people should grow up to be scientists. I do not see that as an ideal situation, as the world needs people with a wide variety of skills. But I am advocating that all young people should be familiar with and confident around scientific subjects, whatever they choose to do. They need to be scientifically literate, and inspired to engage with developments in science and technology in order to learn more.A world where only a tiny super-elite are capable of understanding advanced science and technology and its applications would be, to mymind, a dangerous and limited one. I seriously doubt whether long-range beneficial projects such as cleaning up the oceans or curing diseases in the developing world would be given priority. Worse, we could find thattechnology is used against us and that we might have no power to stop it.I don’t believe in boundaries, either for what we can do in our personal lives or for what life and intelligence can accomplish in our universe. We stand at a threshold of important discoveries in all areas of science. Without doubt, our world will change enormously in the next fifty years. We will find out what happened at the Big Bang. We will come to understand how life began on Earth. We may even discover whether life exists elsewhere in the universe. While the chances of communicating with an intelligent extra-terrestrial species may be slim, the importance of such a discovery means we must not give up trying. We will continue to explore our cosmic habitat, sending robots and humans into space. We cannot continue to look inwards at ourselves on a small and increasingly polluted and overcrowded planet. Through scientific endeavour and technological innovation, we must look outwards to the wider universe, while also striving to fix the problems on Earth. And I am optimistic that we will ultimately create viable habitats for the human race on other planets. We will transcend the Earth and learn to exist in space.This is not the end of the story, but just the beginning of what I hope will be billions of years of life flourishing in the cosmos.And one final point—we never really know where the next great scientific discovery will come from, nor who will make it. Opening up the thrill and wonder of scientific discovery, creating innovative and accessible ways to reach out to the widest young audience possible, greatly increases the chances of finding and inspiring the new Einstein. Wherever she might be.So remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don’t just give up. Unleash your imagination. Shape the future.”
“Nobody must question your right to smoke,but I've right, too, not to inhale your smoke.First of all, health abuse is not a right;use of right ought to lead to life, not blight.You have right to party with unchecked noise,but I've right, too, not be pained by your noise.In short, a right can't be claimed as a right,if it violates other people's right.”
“A motivational love collapses itself as the poorly constructed objects. Of course, no one bothers and regrets such love.”
“Life is a sheet of blank papers and pen:“We write our life like one made in heaven.”Sadly though, some don’t have the pen with them:“It’s others doing the writing for them.”
“To be in limit is good for a good relation.”
“True riches are not in having the wealth:"Threaten your life and you give up the wealth."True riches are in your having the life:"Even for vast wealth, you won't trade your life.”
“Favoritism is but made by God;in all creatures, He built it in their blood,like a cow suckling only her own calves,the crowd cheering the team of their own club.Hence, if you'll be faced with a dilemma:"Save your child or the child of some fella,"don't you defy what God dictates is right,lest you be haunted in your deepest night!”
“A GOAL WITHOUT A PLAN IS JUST A DREAM”
“When you’re free from the shackles of solitude you never get the sense any mountain is too high to scale, or any horizon is too far to conquer.”
“Dictatorship is the best form of rule:decisions are quick, good results are full.If God were to come down to lead the word,wouldn't He act like an absolute Lord?Yet, most would rather choose democracy,they just could not stomach autocracy.It's because if godless be the ruler,dictatorship spells hell of disaster.”
“Wow”
“When God put “self” in man, all hell broke loose;from “self” came all sorts of dirt and refuse.If God could just remove the “self” from man,the world be freed from all things inhuman.But then without “self” how will the world be?None might even care dressing their body.Yes, we may have licked crimes and poverty,but we’ve threatened man’s perpetuity.”
“Hope lies not in the light at tunnel's end;it's in the fact our life doesn't yet end.Till we can talk, walk, see, and comprehend,hope goes on for all things we want happen.”
“I'm trying this new thing where I try to be happy even when I feel like everything's falling apart and nothing is going the way I expected.”
“You never noticed but I was right there, standing behind you, holding the storm while you were learning to fly.”
“Enjoy life and be happy... In whatever you do.”
“The most useless questions an adult can ask a child- What do you want to be when you grow up? As if growing up is finite. As if at some point you become something and that's the end”
“The old me is gone. I cut all ties of the old me. That is not me. I want to bring forth the me, that wants to represent who I am as a woman, that though I may have had traumas in my life, I won't let that define who I am. I am going to be the better version of who I am, truly inspired to wear the invisible badges of strength, confidence, courage, compassion, empowerment and fearlessness.”
“Change is scary but it's necessary.”
“Aim for progress not perfection...”
“Do set your goal-to move with clarity.Set a goal-that suits your ability.Raise the goal-with your rising energy.Always move with goal-lest you move slowly!”
“When on your way home to your family, and you meet some friends who do invite thee, learn to say no, lest they’re dearer to youthan your family who’s waiting for you.When you’re running late for sales appointment, and you see fuss over an accident, don’t you get drawn in by the commotion,lest you miss out on the presentation.”
“Why when we feel good, the world seems so bright;but when we feel bad, nothing round seems right.It’s as if for the world to deem alright,the way is to adjust ourselves aright.”
“I Am a very special person”
“If it's something you want, you can’t wait for a day to be magically special. You gotta go and make the day special yourself.”
“The authenticity in your story, the authority in your delivery and the personalization of your presentation will make you that much more real.”
“The brain is just an action-processor;the attitude is the brain’s dictator.If the attitude dictates “I am strong,”the brain works to show attitude’s not wrong.”
“My life isn’t perfect, but maybe that’s what can inspire others to start today if they have nothing to start with.”
“You fear the ocean but not the drops that formed it”
“Thinking it’ll be tough, one forwent the test;while other took it but studied hardest.Thinking it might rain, one canceled his trip;while other pushed through, with raincoat equipped.Thoughts of hindrance make you not negative,it’s in the kind of reaction you’ll give.If the negative’s way is just to quit,the positive’s style is find ways round it.”
“A lot goes into everything but sometimes you have to sacrifice everything in order to achieve a lot.”
“Never is God without but within us;that’s how great a power we have in us.So why beg, why cry, why be torn apart;unleash that power sleeping in your heart.”
“The masses are existentially entitled to talk nonsense and advocate for prejudices, but when an authority of the masses begins to talk nonsense and advocate for prejudice and bigotry, it is an existential crisis for not just those masses but all humans around the world, with implications of catastrophic proportions.”
“Stop worrying about your competition; focus on increasing your value proposition.”
“There are no mistakes in life; go with the flow and grow with the flaw.”
“The old me is gone. I cut all ties of the old me. That is not me. I want to bring forth the me, that wants to represent who I am as a woman, that thoughI may have had traumas in my life, I won't let that define who I am. I am going to be the better version of who I am, truly inspired to wear the invisible badges of strength, confidence, courage, compassion, empowerment and fearlessness.”
“Of course, sir. There won’t be any screwups.Hell, Colonel, there are always screwups in any operation. Let’s just keep them within reason.”
“Though crime rate down, economy growing,till millions are found deprived and starving,the nation’s leaders are but misaligned—no ifs and buts, but they all must resign!How much more if there is no improvement,the poor pushed to even greater torment.Time to change how leaders are measured out—“Either they free all, or they all ship out!”
“If cancer was a mugger you would at least throw a punch.What's different?”
“Why does chemo always have side effects like sickness and hair loss?Why not 'invisibility' or 'spontaneous orgasms'?”
“Cancer is a fight to the death.Either you kill it, or it will kill you.Get ready to brawl.”
“We all have two lives.The second one starts when we realise we only have one.”
“Don't delegate your survival to the doctors and hope for the best.You have to participate in your own cure.You have to fight.”
“You have to fight, because if you don't, you let the opponent win, and if your opponent is cancer, the results can be deadly.”
“Did you notice the smile on a cancer patient's face after the last treatment?That's the smile you want on your face.”
“You need strength of built to fight a lion.You need strength of will to fight obstruction.You need strength of heart to fight frustration.You need strength of soul to fight temptation.”
“Maybe everything comes out all right, if you keep on trying. Anyway, you have to keep on trying; nothing will come out right if you don't.”
“Make your existence a cynosure of service.”
“Nothing in life is nothing more than what's worth fighting for”
“Your blood is full with vigor my brave soldier of destiny, so bring all that vigor out in the service of your family called humanity.”
“I think that a true writer will keep on writing, no matter what. Even if they don’t get published, even if they’re constantly faced with criticism… they’ll keep writing. The act is essential to a writer’s existence. Without it, life would have no meaning.”
“Where there is a will, there is a balcony of possibilities.”
“Whenever there is an uprising of misery, discrimination and sectarianism, I shall rise over and over again, to take humanity with me in the path of sweet, progressive harmony.”
“I’m so optimistic my blood type is B Positive!”
“If you believe you can’t, you won’t.”
“I’m so optimistic my blood type is B Positive”
“I want to write about the Sun, whose rays of light caress the sea and under his bliss, all the essence breathes (Excerpted from Underneath horizons, chapter Resilience)”
“Perhaps Phillip was just not interested in becoming stronger; perhaps it was not the exercise itself that mattered to him, but the experience of it. Maybe he wanted to set the tone of each morning by always trying, always failing, the consequent band of pain across his chest serving as a reminder of that failure to carry him through the day.”
“No once reverse best of you!”
“The only thing that’s keeping you from getting what you want is the story you keep telling yourself.”
“Engaged communication is a pursuit of excellence. Communicating attentively and engagingly is striving to be the best you can be.”
“You can buy momentary fame with money, but not authenticity that lasts for thousands of years.”
“I want to write about the Earth,whose veil of light embraces tendrilsand gives us peace and joy and hope for new beginnings… (Excerpted from Underneath horizons, chapter Resilience)”
“I want to write about the Sky, whose waltz of angels fascinates horizons and keeps the cosmic ring in wonder(Excerpted from Underneath horizons, chapter Resilience)”
“Nothing in life is more than what's worth fighting for.”
“There is nothing in life, Nothing more than what's worth fighting for.”
“Being alive is my destiny. Dying just a destination.”
“I want to write about the Rain,whose teardrops awake every bud of Mayand leaves the joyful Earth in harmony(Excerpted from Underneath horizons, chapter Resilience)”
“No one helps you, so stop wasting time, stand up --&gt;fight--&gt;build yourself.”
“I want to write about the Sea,whose waves run smoothly in incitement and carry joy, under the wings of freedom(Excerpted from Underneath horizons, chapter Resilience)”
“Don’t seek to emulate other writers. Don’t pay heed to how others say your tales should be written. And don’t ever change your writing on account of anything or anyone. Your stories are your own, so write them your way.”
“I don't believe there's ever been a 'good' first draft, but there's a reason for that: they don’t have to be. First drafts are part of the process; they're the rough diamond on their way to being cut and polished. It takes a while to get them to shine.”
“The highest wealth one can attain is 'peace of mind' amidst 'pieces of mind'!”
“Before you become GREAT, you have to be GRATEFUL...because you are GREAT right now!”
“Sometimes following your heart means going your own way, even if the path gets lonely and hard.”
“The world badly needs a “Great Arranger”putting everything in perfect order,where none shall be seen in wretched hunger,without a health care and decent shelter.Why we can order our homes, not our world?Where are all the leaders and the rich lords?Where the bright ones, the holy ones adored?Is it only God who can fix the world?”
“Don't just build a career, build a legacy.”
“There is always something new to discover every day, no matter how skilled you are.”
“Here’s to all the strong women out there! Who stand up for themselves and face the world with a heart of soldier.Here’s to all the passionate women out there!Who won’t let the world stop them from achieving their dreams and doing the things they love.Here’s to all the independent women out there!Who have been there for themselves and show that they can.Here’s to all the unbreakable women out there!Who have been knocked down for countless times but they find a way to rise and stand up again.Here’s to all the women in this world You are beautiful, you are worthy, and no one has the power to dim your light ….”
“Heal your kind my friend with your wisdom and warmth transcendent,If not you then who else will unify humanity and rise as sapiens triumphant.”
“What’s the point of complaining about your tragedies, obstacles, and scars?What’s the point of playing the role of victim?What’s the point of revealing your misery to others no matter how close they are?No one will ever feel your pain or how much it hurts. No one will understand your fears or why you suddenly couldn’t hold on anymore.It’s your road, you’ve walked it barefoot among all the difficulties! I am sure too that you know your way, and your heart will guide you to the best destination if you only trust the light within...”
“We'd still be living in caves if a few crazy individuals didn't push things forward - change is scary but it's necessary for the progress of a species.”
“Anyone, anyone can break loose from his chains. That courage, no matter how deeply buried, is always waiting to be called out. All it needs is the right coaxing, the right voice to do that coaxing, and it will come roaring like a tiger.”
“Upon achieving your dream, when you look back at the days of struggle, it's your footsteps that should appear in your memories, not your lost character, for losing character means losing life.”
“No matter how many times this heart has been shattered to pieces, or this soul has been cracked by different people cross the road. I am still strong enough to endure it all, to pass it all, and wait passionately for my brighter day.Where I’ll be standing so tall with a glowing face and sparkling eyes. I’ll tell the world that here I am , look how I’ve made it through , because I’ve been strong enough to endure it all , to pass it all and wait passionately for my brighter day”
“Don't hate "A Struggle"! Because that is what builds "The Strength" in you!”
“A Struggle a secret friend that builds the Strength in you! So, don't hate it”
“To live as a carbon copy of everyone else is to not live at all.”
“We need not compare ourselves to others in order to gauge our success. We need only compare ourselves to the people we used to be.”
“The individual is certainly a tiny thing in the eyes of the infinity, but just because one is tiny does not mean one is insignificant.”
“Leave God out of your mess and go look in the mirror instead.”
“You cannot celebrate the festival of light before combating the darkness within”
“It takes courage to be honest and to work, while others play, cheat, sponge like parasites or are idle. There is value in the work that you choose to do, and you are an innately valuable person.”
“The inescapable contrariety between 'being a perfectionist' and 'being a procrastinator' is never actually perceived by someone who procrastinates.”
“Note to self:You have to start forgiving yourself for the time you’ve waste on things that never mattered.Forgive yourself for giving second chances to people who have once taken you for granted.Forgive yourself for giving up on your dreams instead of working on them and making them come true.And you have to forgive yourself for every second you spent it not smiling, not laughing, and not living …”
“I chose to...Live and make this living worth itPray with angels and receive their blessing…Enjoy the beauty of this mesmerizing world Feel the bliss with every passing morning…Hear the calling of my inner beautySway in tears of joy and embrace the flight…(Excerpted from Mindfulness,”
“I chose to...Float in contentment and forgive all the deep painsAccept the shadows of my queer past…Encounter faith and that magic love from within Enrich my spirit with graceful emotions of who I am…Listen to the essence of life and collect its charm Cultivate the fascinating practice of spiritual well-being(Excerpted from Mindfulness, chapter Resilience)”
“I chose to... Explore the senses of this delightful universeBreathe the sensations of my body with every moveAbandon myself in flow and feel compassion Become aware of my existence and thank Lord for His blessings on me…(Excerpted from Mindfulness, chapter Resilience)”
“…I’ll take the sadness in my eyes and bury it into depthsI’ll withstand with courage, every shadow of my harmful past And I will never lose again, just learn and win...(Excerpted from My kind of resilience, chapter Resilience)”
“…I’ll feel the magic, in the blissful daylightI’ll listen to the cheerful songs of nature And I will heal my soul, with joy and love...(Excerpted from My kind of resilience, chapter Resilience)”
“…I’ll celebrate the waltz of stars, in endless harmonyI’ll dream with my angels, in far away lands And I will send love letters, to my future self...(Excerpted from My kind of resilience, chapter Resilience)”
“…I’ll pray to God to give me strength and patience I’ll feel no pain, no vengeance, no regrets And I will learn to love again…myself, this time....(Excerpted from My kind of resilience, chapter Resilience)”
“Drops of rain fall on my naked skinThey clean my spirit and awake my conscienceThey cry with me in a cathartic release They scream, they fight, they hurt, they heal(Excerpted from Healed by rain, chapter Resilience)”
“...My cosmic desires freeze in an apocalyptical healingOf agonized thoughts, of betrayed hearts, of dancing daemonsAlleviate my nightmares and calm my deep thunders ...(Excerpted from Healed by rain, chapter Resilience)”
“...My soul sings loudly, forever changed by love Crafting oceans of majestic painBut releasing every storm from within Feeling exhausted, but safe and blessed...(Excerpted from Healed by rain, chapter Resilience)”
“...I return to the beginning of time Gathering fallen feathers of the angels’ wings Delighted, I breathe the infinite sky...(Excerpted from Healed by rain, chapter Resilience)”
“For me, it's too late,Don't suffer my fate.I once walked the earthInert to life's worth.Routine, my shield,I loathed foreign field.Too late did I wake upTo drink from life's cup.Be bold in life,Do not shun strife.Soon you will be hereAnd lost, all you hold dear.”
“Move through life as if every one of your actions will echo forever.”
“Each precious here and now moment is your life. What you do every day, in the present, that is the story and substance of your life.”
“Abandon the feeble perception of yourself you currently espouse and wake up your true self lying neglected deep within.”
“Adaptability and innovation are the root of victory. Chaos and fear are the birth of defeat.”
“One day I’ve chosen my pride to be my sword And since then I have been always there for myself I’ve been my own soldier, And my whole army that don’t grieve over losing worthless battles anymore...”
“Every generation needs caretakers - and the caretaker of your generation is you.”
“You know a book is well-written when it makes you read it over and over again, and in every time you enjoy the events, interact with the conflict, and continue to the ending. It teaches you new lessons every time and uplifts your spirit, reminding you with needed humanitarian feelings.”
“There are many yesterdays. With any luck, many tomorrows. But there's only one today. Don't fuck it up.”
“Always listen to yourself while choosing a destination to Go,Because, only you know your circumstances and strength.”
“Life doesn't start at some magical point in the future.”
“I am homesick for a place where silence is the only language, love is the only religion, and freedom is not something to be fought for…”
“Wake up from death, return to life.”
“Speak up, be honest, be truthful, avoidance makes matters worse and only creates more anguish, it does not prevent the inevitable happening.”
“There can be no real achievement without any struggle!”
“Do not block your ears with the noise of ignorance; just because you never heard the knocking on the door doesn't mean that opportunity never knocked. You missed it because you were expecting its arrival in a different manner”.”
“Happiness is a Choice…you cannot Choose what happens, but you can Choose your Reaction to it and be Happy.”
“she wears her fears, embroidered to perfection. she wears the darkness like a dress. she slays her demons and still looks like a princess”
“It's because everything that's beautiful and worthwhile on this earth starts as a pile of mess. Think of the butterflies. It's the struggle to get past the messy part that makes us who we are.”
“The perspection of your perception brings about a precision in you as a person”
“Regardless from beliefs and political directions, there is always something inspiring that a strong personality has to teach the world.”
“I am not here to peddle you anything – I am not here to convert you either – I am here on earth to be an example of liberation – and if that example appeals to your civilized and conscientious psyche, then embrace it without judging other people’s methods or the paths they walk on.”
“Love is Energy and everything is Inspiration”
“What if, everything is simply an experience, no good,bad, right,wrong, simply an experience that we can learn and grow from.”
“Men like you preach change, but I wonder. Is this a battle we can really ﬁght?”“You’re ﬁghting it already, Goodman Mennis. You’re just losing horribly.”
“I wear a pair of wings Full of flaws and imperfections But they are still beautiful enough to spread them and fly Feeling so perfectly unflawed …”
“Endurance is the art of survival.”
“They want it. They get it. You get it. They want you.”
“Slowing down our minds helps us to speed up our progress.”
“In the absence of vision, there are nightmares.”
“The courage to be different. This is a brave path to follow in a society that sometimes become very cruel.”
“Every second that passes is another grain of sand in your hourglass that is gone, forever lost in time.”
“Getting caught up in the drama only creates more drama. Take an intermission, step out, chill out, ask yourself, what is this drama really about, what role am I playing?”
“A Knock Down Does Not Have To Be A KnockOut”
“I realised the world is a beautiful place and life so limitless with infinite possibilities.”
“Being motivated is not enough to keep you on track and chasing after your goals. Perseverance, faithfulness and the like ought to accompany motivation if one is to reach one’s goals”
“Information without appropriate use of it is useless”
“It’s not what you see that make the difference. Your interpretation of life is everything”
“Most of us have fallen into the idea of living an expensive life on an empty bank account, all in the name of fitting in and going with the flow – Wake UP!”
“A great mistake is committed when you stop learning from the day next to the day when you learnt from your biggest failure.”
“It is not the world outside that dictates our circumstances; rather it is the world inside us that creates the reality of our experiences”
“Like mate, stop procrastinating”
“True friendship is when you can allow and accept each other without conditions, ultimatums, expectations, demands or hidden agendas.”
“Be the ocean of conscience in which others can bathe. Be the sacred river of service, that takes away selfishness from the society. Be the mountain of bravery that absorbs weakness from the heart of people. And you must do all this as a humble servant as well as a pride-less leader of the people.”
“Time doesn't rewind. It only heals.”
“The root of bad decisions is ignorance”
“I filled the void with my own sunshine and embarked on a beautiful journey to find my own true self.”
“[...] But then he adds quickly, "You know what I do when I'm low on faith?"I shake my head and lean in. My faith's gas tank has been known to hover at "E", so I wanted to know."I stand right here and I look at them mountains," he says. "I stare at the blue sky and white clouds. I breathe in this clean air." He demonstrates all of this. "Then I say to myself, 'God did this.'"He turns to me, with some emotion and a surfeit of peace. "And I know everything will be all right.”
“The truth belongs to the experience.”
“It is better to not believe a truth than to believe a lie, because this defines yourself too. If you believe a lie that has negative effects, it shows you may have malicious intentions. But if you don't believe a truth that has negative effects, then you may be well-disposed.”
“Even playing game you have to be serious.”
“Failure gives opportunity to win success....”
“The truth belongs to the experience, not the attempt of third parties to interpret a story, without knowing the exact incidents, but only one or a few facts.”
“The greatest virtue a person can have is not the fortune of material goods, but the fortune of intellectual values. This is the only way this world can be a better place.”
“Hope isn’t for the weary. It’s for the brave.”
“When you judge or criticize someone else, take a long look in the mirror at yourself, for what you judge in others is really reflecting something you.”
“Most of the people who are striving to be great often compare the demands of their goal with those of that of people who are striving to remain average.”
“Your vision, is where you see yourself tomorrow.Your goal, is what you want to achieve tomorrow.Your commitment, is what you will become tomorrow.”
“Don't let the illusion of destiny keep you from doing what you love to do - for nothing is meant to be, or not to be - it is only your willful and persistent action that determines your destiny.”
“In life you can't move forward looking back”
“Invest your time to know your self. Things which are meant for you follows you in your way.”
“Be true to who you are! Don't sit around waiting for approval, life is too short...DO what makes you happy!”
“I am Called To Live The Abundant Life Not The Exhausted Life, I am Planted To Thrive Not To Survive!”
“Trust your inner guidance and follow your heart, for your soul has your blueprint and the universe has your back.”
“Life is always black and white. People are grey.”
“Do not doubt your dreams.”
“It's not much fun always being the best and fastest. A little competition keeps you on your toes, makes you try harder, live larger.”
“you will miss seeing others real attitude if you continue to show yours”
“sacrificing one's own happiness for others is not everyone's cup of tea but if you can taste it once nothing tastes more than that thereafter.”
“Maturity is knowing when and where we can show our attitude”
“Breath of life is common to all living beings.”
“If the world you are seeing is not the world you want, therefore, it’s time to examine your values. It’s time to rid yourself of your current presuppositions. It’s time to let go. It might even be time to sacrifice what you love best, so that you can become who you might become, instead of staying who you are.”
“Life is all about highs and lows like sound waves you will be bored with a sound with a single not. Modulation makes the tune beautiful ups and downs make our life crazy.”
“Life is all about highs and lows like sound waves you will be bored with a sound with a single not. Modulation makes the tune beautiful ups and downs make our life crazy. - Giridhar Alwar”
“Life is not what you think it will be, you will have good times, sad times and bad times. At some point in your Life it will knock you to your knees just to test your resolve. Never give in and never give up there always is a light at the end of the tunnel you just have keep taking steps toward the light crawl if you have to, just keep going.You must know and experience all aspects of life in order to fully comprehend and understand life once you have experienced the good bad and ugly in life can you fully enjoy the gift of life”
“Nothing last forever, neither pain nor happiness. Its just matter of time to heal or seal.”
“It is better to do Good and not know Than to know to do Good and not Do It.....”
“Whoever desire life must travel on the road of righteousness.”
“Never complain about the world that you don't like. Instead just create a new world that you love and make the things happen there.”
“Loving yourself first fills your own heart with love. If there is no love in your heart, then how can you give love?”
“Maturity is knowing when and where we can show our attitude. - Giridhar Alwar.”
“Spijt moet je niet hebben’, zegt hij. Ik knik. ‘Heb je me wel gehoord, Eva?’ Ik knik opnieuw. ‘Wat zei ik dan?’ ‘Dat je nooit spijt moet hebben,’ zeg ik. ‘Ik versta je niet.’ ‘Spijt moet je nooit hebben,’ herhaal ik, luider.”
“If you think you can't, you won't. If you think you can, you will.”
“Live and Let Live !”
“That is how things stand today, little likely to cause me any uneasiness.”
“Sacrificing one's own happiness for others is not everyone's cup of tea but if you can taste it once nothing tastes more than that thereafter.-Giridhar Alwar”
“Don’t be a slave to the money. Be a slave to your passion. You could be making millions a year and still be miserable, people trade the most valuable thing they have for money, TIME. Time is life, life is time. Make sure you spend your time doing what you LOVE because no amount of money will matter in the end, no one is going to mention how expensive your house was or how crazy your cars were at your funeral. Be a person with true substance and heart and live life the way you want.”
“This is an assignment I'm always happy to be on, helping a hurting world through the power of prayer.”
“Do what You Want To Do because if You don’t, You are Nothing but your own Slave.”
“Beauty will not define me. I will define beauty.”
“The unknown is your biggest fear, and your greatest gift.”
“I am a believer of butterfly effect. A small positive vibration can change the entire cosmos.”
“If you are happy with the person you are becoming, and you can understand that the journey is long and the processes are slow; you are on the right track no matter what your current situation is.”
“What you put out in the world is exactly what's coming back to you. If you find things coming back to you that you don't like or you don't understand, don't ask yourself why, ask yourself that you're doing to make them come back to you,”
“An eating disorder can be very secluding and can make even the most important people in your life fade into the background.”
“Defeat counts when you let it count. Nothing can defeat you unless and until you allow it to overcome your zeal to succeed.”
“We cannot find a new passion. We can only find better places for our passion to flourish.”
“Sometimes At Midnight I Put On My Lamp As To See Success”
“Love Is An Excessive Sanity That Leads To The Madness That We Deserve.”
“In All Forms Of Relationships,  Friendship Is The Only One Facing  The Battle Alone.”
“Love Is The Only One That Remains After Lovers Have Gone Separate Ways”
“Every man is capable of fulfilling his mission.”
“Like the most beautiful treasure I have ever seen, she was hidden in the depths of the ocean, waiting for someone to pull her out.”
“Between my head and my heart I found peace with the unacceptable.”
“Don't be disappointed if life does not take off quickly, it is preparing you for higher responsibilities and better position.”
“When everything is new, mind automatically refreshes your memory. There is nothing called priorities after refreshment.”
“Dreams help you navigate through the uncertainties of life. Motivation might propel you forward, but Dreams set the Direction. So dream it &amp; achieve it.”
“You can exterminate a human being, but not an idea.”
“The best lessons in life are the lessons well learned.”
“All humans are images of your own self - their pain is your pain - their misery is your misery - their sorrows are your sorrows - so rise and be the hope, help and joy in their lives!”
“Never give up!”
“The sun gives warmth and light to the world and expects nothing in return, not because it is good or bad, but because it is the sun's nature.”
“Waiting for my partner to embellish myself from topsy-turvy. Its been a dogged resistance so far. Once light is on, Its easy to walk off.”
“Als je iets wil, en wel zo graag dat je er alles voor over hebt, maar dan ook echt alles: kan het dan eigenlijk mislukken? Was elke poging die je ondernam niet al een overwinning? Ik zal het hier halen vandaag. Ik kan niet anders. Misschien was het leven niet meer dan proberen.”
“The absence of a plan B is intimidating at times, but it worries me more how much time you waste creating a plan B in the first place.”
“Be great or be dead.”
“Stand alone decisions stands way out in front of people majority.Same happens for encouraging a reserved person for his unique achievement”
“Your life is your decision.”
“Never complain about the world that you don't like. Instead just create a new world that you love and make the things happen there. -Giridhar Alwar”
“Invest your time to know your self. Things which are meant for you follows you in your way. -Giridhar Alwar”
“We are all strangers to our hidden potential until we confront problems that reveal our capabilities.”
“Never give up on someone who is having a bad day. Tomorrow could be yours.”
“All power is within you; you can do anything and everything.”
“Color breathes life into my soul.”
“Keep your hopes up high maintaining the positivity in you. If you think you are worth it, then go and get it. Prove it to yourself. Everybody else did it and So can you.Tell yourself, you CAN and so you will!" - KacyC”
“Live by design, not by default.”
“Thank you to my past oppressors. The scars you left behind taught me to view pain differently...”
“Every man is a boyfriend. But some people do not have the ability to become husbands.”
“Every bad dream / imagination is responsible for the suicide of a person!”
“Victorious you are and victorious you will be, as long as in your psyche you can see yourself as victorious.”
“Failure Is A Signboard Which Says, Try Again.”
“Liking whom you see in the mirror is both a great beginning and a great goal”
“Never stop exploring new ways to develop, express, instill and be yourself: Without adding broken lines to someone else's description”
“Failure is a functional component of success”
“Relationships are very good at finding ways to end before their expiration date”
“When we let our GREED become our NEED, we can never be HAPPY indeed!”
“This I know for sure: If you sincerely move in the right direction, putting one foot in front of the other, something changes.”
“It just takes time. I have to ride the roller coaster to the end.”
“Success is something you attract not pursue!”
“Determination paves way to Achievement through Dedicated Diligence!”
“True love is no possession or bondage but a deep inner-desire to do and die for the other. It is sacrificing as it urges for nothing in return, doesn't expect, never restricts and never demands. True love is an in-depth twinge which yearns for the good being and happiness for other!”
“After years of strenuous effort, I had met fiasco! With sanguine expectations, I endeavored even harder - changing countries, improving on my degrees, professional experiences, cultural adaptation and society integration, just to find out that it is not for me, yet. Now, is not my time and I don't fit in. I endured, still not giving-up but got exhausted repeating the venture. I had not lost the aspiration but was losing the yearning. Reluctantly enough, used to the knocks but keeping certitude, I plunged again with scantest prospect. Fortunately, this time, I broke-through. It happened and I did it. Almighty Allah finally showered his grace compensating my perseverance. That intrinsic desire to prove myself, get appreciated for who I am, finally got rewarded!Sustain the Perseverance with a NEVER- Quit conviction and you will be rewarded sooner or later! Keep determined, dedicated and diligent! - KacyC”
“Today, I will look around &amp; enjoy all the beautiful things that are around me rather than yearn for things that are beyond my control &amp; become miserable.”
“The whole world is in constant motion. The earth moves, the clouds move, the waves move and we too must move. Move and reach the destination of your choice.”
“A true writer recognizes the insanity in themselves.”
“Do something so radical that you become the very first of your kind in that deed, and you shall never be forgotten so long as human life exists.”
“„Fă ce poți cu ce ai, acolo unde ești.”
“Réalise toi. Réalise tes capacités. Sois sincère envers toi même en priorité. Continue d’avancer sur le chemin de la bravoure. Persévère sur le sentier de ta passion. Marche, et ne t’arrêtes pas tant que tu n’auras pas atteint ton but.”
“Most often than not, I am saddened, at the thought of the human idea of me not being wealthy, rich and famous enough, to be a professional motivational speaker, whenever I stepped into the insanity of a thinking human.”
“Every choice comes with a consequence; and so therefore, we must learn to live with the consequences of choices we make in life.”
“If you can't climb the highest mountain any more, go to the closest hill. It is better than staying at the bottom thinking you can't do it.”
“The journey to understanding begins with a leap of faith.”
“Don't wait for the right opportunity. Create it.”
“Respect your grief.For, if there is a wall within youthat needs mending.It will mend it.--- Grief”
“SEEDAnd if Paul Celan would come in here, in the future verse I would be the flower you the death I would not write to you on this uncertain  wish to die on you  like a fading flower to become a seed Tânia Tomé © Book - " Tie me behind the sun" 2010”
“Your past, including your failures, simply offers feedback that makes you wiser and stronger than before.”
“Life is defined not by the number of moments but rather by the moments that take your breath away.”
“[Writing] is a pleasure for about a week and a half. When you finish a novel, you feel triumphant, until ten days later, that is, when you have to begin thinking about the undoability of the next novel. [When I start a book I am always a beginner.] Always. Always. You can say one of the reasons that I've quit is that after fifty years I was still an amateur – a clumsy amateur lacking confidence and wholly befuddled for months and months at the beginning of every new book. Now, luckily, I remain an amateur only at the rest of life. [You don't gain any confidence little by little.] Not at the start of a book. It's a rare writer who is confident at the outset. You are just the opposite – you are doubt-ridden, steeped in uncertainty and doubt. Henry James, the great powerhouse of American fiction, the novelist's novelist – our Proust – put it perfectly while speaking, in a story of his, of the novelist's vocation. “We work in the dark – we do what we can – we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.”
“I constantly challenge my athletes with workouts that take them to the upper edge of their ability. Like Brett's, my philosophy is that your biggest competitor is yourself. I will never ask the impossible. But I will come close. Those who answer with courage and self-belief instead of fear and doubt are the ones who realize their dreams.”
“I'm not a winner, but I was the best player”
“My hopes &amp; dreams don't die. With all the suffering, I sometimes ask- Why? They are manipulative, deceitful and they lie. My health aint good, where do I go running away and die? But then I sigh. I cling to others on purpose, as I am strong enough to try. I have nothing to lose.Either I hit the ground or touch the sky. Trust me, it's ok even if each time, I cry.”
“There will be tough workouts when the athlete has to really dig deep, believe, and not give up when the pain seems too much. The athlete can respond in one of two ways: Yield to the pain and self-doubt or decide that fear will not determine his or her potential. It's hard (and usually uncomfortable) work breaking through old barriers and self-defeating thought patterns to see meaningful progress, and fear is an absolutely natural response, but you can't let it become a limiter.”
“EVERYONE HAS A JOURNEY. DON'T LET YOURS HOLD YOU BACK! ANY GOAL IS ATTAINABLE. REACH FOR IT!”
“The price of your birthday outfits should go costlier with respect to the ages you lived.”
“You can’t expect to move forward if your emergency break is on.”
“Jesus Christ. I give you my fear that nothing will will work out. I give you my anxieties that I won't find a man and I will let You bring him to me when You feel I am ready.”
“No matter who we are, what we do, or where we live, deep inside we all feel incomplete. It’s like we have lost something and need to get it back. Just what that something is, most of us never find out. And of those who do, even fewer manage to go out and look for it.”
“Like the houses we build, the sky was also a shelter to few.”
“Alone wasn’t just a closed dark room anymore but a whole wide world full of opportunities. I needed to explore and occupy the vastness of the world inside of me, which until now I hadn’t truly understood.”
“if everything is possible, then anything is possible”
“The purpose of life is hidden in the reasons of our unconditional choices”
“The purpose of life is hidden in the reasons of our unconditional choices.”
“Don`t just dream but dream out; let the outside world become the reflection of your dreams. Choose your destiny not by counting the obstacles but by hunting your dreams. Believe undoubtedly that you can jump higher than your height. The taste of tomorrow depends on the seeds you plant today. So, work on your dreams, chase them the way your shadow chases you.”
“The value of achievements is measured by the amount of pain they cause.”
“Every single thought energized with belief can either heal or harm us depending on its nature.”
“No one can stand on the way of someone who knows where he is going and is doing it with confidence.”
“I don`t compete with anyone;Others are too lazy to run my race.”
“Patience is the shield of your dreams, persistence is your sword, Never put them down.”
“If we knew that achieving success is the only way out to stay alive, would we retreat so easily, or would we at all?”
“People who take their own steps to notch up spectacular success are prone to receive the gifts of luck more often; success starts walking toward them in its turn to accelerate the awarded meeting.”
“You're under no obligation to be who people think you are. Change, grow, rearrange yourself. Free and beautiful things always bloom and spark with no holding back.”
“Liberty is too precious a thing to be buried in books. Humans should hold it up in their hands every single day of their lives and say from the deepest fathoms of their soul – “I am free – to think – to speak – to act – the way a real, novel, civilized being should – my ancestors couldn’t, but I can, and my children will”.”
“All sharks were born swimming.”
“There is a fine line between challenging yourself and overwhelming yourself.”
“Never underestimate the infinite love within youIt has the power to transform lives”
“You'll get, with faith and hope what you think can be yours.”
“Before presentation dipped your head into a pertain knowledge of bucket”
“Decide what you want in life, and tell the world it’s yours”
“I have a definition of faith that is not an exact quote but it's based on scripture. When Jesus wanted to encourage faith in His disciples, He used the example of a Father providing for His children... "If your child asks you for bread you wont give him a stone and If he asks for fish you won't give him a snake. So if you as evil as you are know how to give good gifts to your children...How MUCH MORE will your father in heaven give". Based on that expression...I've learnt that faith is to believe that God is more eager to give me what He has promised than I am more eager to receive it.”
“I've always loved life. Those who love life can never adapt, undergo, be commanded. Who loves life is always with the rifle at the window to defend life ... A human being who adapts, who suffers, who makes himself commanded, is not a human being. " - Smita Nair Jain at TEDxOakridgeInternationalSchool (TEDx Talks)”
“Muddling through the chaos of her life,She finally understoodThe real among the fake.While she kept on gripping airIn search of friends,She finally understood where to hide.With emptiness by her side,She finally made friends withSolitude and the mess of her mind.While dialogues were only empty promisesShe finally learned how to react with her cold side.Muddling through the chaos in her life,She finally transformed into someone,Who just needed herself to have a sane mind.”
“How can you be inspired if you do not surround yourself with the things that inspire you?”
“It is never too late to start taking care of the body you have.”
“In the world of so-called civilized and intelligent humans, there are only two accepted ways to see religion - one is the way of the believer, and the other is the one of the non-believer. But there is a third way - the way of the real religious person - the way of the real scientist - the way of the real yogi. It is the way where you see religion as it is, that is, an organized structure which helps people go through their daily life with as little hitch as possible. And as such, every organized structure has its pros and cons.”
“Don’t wait for a storm to change your life; create the storm that will change your life.”
“It's not Circumstance. It's not Chance. It's the Choice we make that determines the Destiny of Life.”
“Even if the whole world turns against you, until you agree, no failure, no crisis, no obscurity can win over you.”
“Be great at what you do and make no apologies for your wins.”
“From my book! "Continue to push forward, work hard, stay true to yourself and know that everything will work out for you on this journey we call life.”
“When we were in school, I had once asked my elder brother "Do you want money or fame?"He had said "I want money!"And I had said "I want fame!" Twenty seven years have past and we both are chasing our dreams.”
“Non si può costruire una reputazione basata sull'intenzione di fare qualcosa.”
“With perseverance and positivity, nearly any end goal can be reached”
“Positive actions create a chain reaction reaching far across the Universe. One Life touches another Life, who touches another Life. Be the Good, leave a Legacy.”
“Be the solution, not the pollution.”
“Attack your day with purpose, or your purpose will be serving someone else’s dreams and desires.”
“Never let the routine of your life stamp out the miracle of your life. You are unrepeatable. You are needed. You are infinite.”
“Our imagination can only reach as high as our self-concept.Our imagination and lives are limited to what we think of ourselves.”
“Praxis, cinequanon condition to make life a real existence.Make it happen.Tania Tome (c)”
“Do not be afraid to be afraid, have the courage to face the fear and jump, overcome. There are many good things that happen when we decide to take risks.Tania Tome (C)”
“Crickets, an orchestra, trail in the shade. Is it God who closes his eyes in the color of surprise to see you?Tania Tome (C) " Tie me behind the sun" 2010”
“If God wants to move me, then I go! Yes, I am scared. Yes, I doubt. Yes, I am afraid things will crumble around me. Yes, I know this will be tough and this stress will sometimes seem unbearable. Yes, I know life will never be the same. But God wants to use ME! I am not saying no. I have my call. I must go!”
“Time is not just the hands of a clock. It isn't just a change of seasons either. It is a treasure trove of precious moments, infinite little joys and blessings, precious smiles, tears and heartbeats.”
“Life has knocked me down plenty of times. But there’s always a little bit of me that tells me to get back up, to rise, and shine. It reminds me that I don’t belong in the dust. I belong in the stars and that’s where I should be headed.And that little bit of me… that’s the one I love the most!”
“Achieving something gives you a sense of fulfillment; so, create your own happiness by following up on your passions and achieving them.”
“Education is the back-bone of everything in life. If the backbone/roots are strong nothing will be able to destroy it and if the roots are damaged nothing will stand over it.”
“Unlearning &amp; healing existed hand in hand. Reprogramming my mind, deconstructing my trauma &amp; socialization doctrines have been the mitochondrial equivalent of my growth.”
“What if we fan theflames of Delightwhile we get to play in the dappled sunlight at the edge of time?”
“You are your mind, so if you can see it, you can achieve it.”
“What if we lean in to life even with the messes and the mysteries to find the magic in it all?”
“Voice up to let out wisdom Stand up for what is trueYour life can create a differenceIt's certainly up to you!”
“Smile to begin a friendshipHug and Handclasp to lift a soulYour hope can raise up their spiritsOne touch can show that you care”
“My boundaries are not determined by natural limitation but by parameters of my faith that I chose to attach to the realities of my limitlessness.”
“I'd rather die a legend, than live as an insect.”
“Life is a painting dream and sketch your own life.”
“I know that your heart is broken and I know that no words will repair that. I know how hard that is and I know it will never be the same again. But I also know what kind of person you are and how you deal with life.My friend, love is not how many times the words "I love you" have been said and it is not the long night talks or the going outs. Those add to the value of love but those are not 'love'. A good friend can offer you those. I know, love isn't meant to be easy but knowing what to defend and what to stand for is what defines love and what defines a person you can depend on. No one should use or abuse a relationship in any way.Knowing a person will choose you over anything else. Knowing that you can sleep safe because you have someone who will fight the world to choose you. That is Love.So, dear friend, let him leave because you deserve someone who wants to stay and who is willing to fight for it.”
“You cannot be shutout nor be hindered. Step into your AREA of EXCELLENCE where darkness recedes and light, unity and liberty ascends”
“What if we are all temples for the presents and presence of divine delight to shine through?”
“Purse your transformation from a place of freedom and peace.”
“What's more nuttier than a field of nuts?A field of Nuts.”
“Put aside all the things they deem "wrong" and simply write. Conscious writing comes from within, so at the end of the day, its your "word" not theirs.”
“You are special and you will always remain.You are amazingly made.You are the first drop found on the dry ground.Where a rainbow appears after a heavy rain”
“There isn’t one story in the world that exist today that talks about triumph or success, where will was not attached. You have to to have will and drive- more than just saying that you “want” something or want to do something. You have to do it. - The Affidavit of Niedria Dionne Kenny”
“WE all have our own PATH to follow – STOP walking in someone else’s PATH if it isn’t designed for you.”
“Success stories begin with a decision. The decision to go beyond what you are. When you decide that your present station is not your destination, you are already half-way there.”
“Your PAST nor your CURRENT situation DEFINES you – YOU are defined by the CHOICES you make NOW for your future.” ~ Patricia Dsouza #Leadership #Mindset #encouragement #Wisdom @motiquotees @successinspir”
“To become and unbecome lies in your hand, your willpower defines how far.”
“Only one person can stop you to rise and accomplish your goals - YOU”
“Despair NOT! Refuse to be gloomy or negative. Don't allow challenges and situations to rob your joy. Do not allow anything or anyone to take YOUR PEACE AWAY!”
“Think of love, dream of love, live of love.”
“Mi hanno chiesto spesso, ovviamente, che cosa avrei fatto se non fossi diventato un calciatore. Non ne ho la più pallida idea. Forse sarei diventato un criminale.”
“Recovery is full of ups and downs.There is no such thing as a linear life.But you can always turn your setbacks into setups to come back stronger.”
“Because somehow, the sun rises each day. Emerging from the horizon, brighter and more beautiful than the previous day. You'll rise from the horizon too, learning to trust again. Learning to love again. Learning to heal. You'll emerge so bright that the haters will be blinded. And darling, you'll be the sun then, bright and beautiful, but they won't be your sunflowers.”
“- Ajutor! Ajutor! răcnea vocea, la vreo câțiva pași depărtare.- Dacă l-am salva pe bietul om? propuse Trencavel.- Nu îmi surâde ideea de a face munca paznicului de noapte, zise Mauluys cu răceală. Dar, în fine, dacă ți-e ție pe plac...”
“You ALONE have the POWER: 1) To Set FREE your YESTERDAY 2) To EMBRACE your TODAY 3) To CREATE an AMAZING TOMORROW”
“The best kind of existence is to exist for others.”
“Whole world is a school for those who wish to learn..”
“Exceptional that's ME Another ME there will never BENo loss is known in ME”
“If you can't pick the fruit,don't bruise it.”
“Find your souland keep it in your heart.Feed it, honor itfor what it is, your presencein this world, open,fresh, inspirational.”
“CANYONriver, most mighty,waiting for the sun to melta single snowflake”
“Restand wonder. When you riseyou will walk another steptoward one momentand not some othera first step toward changingthe rest of your life.”
“Looking for a mysteryto take over your life?Sit down with some small detaillet it settle like creamin your coffee, swirlinghot, steaming slow, rising”
“A SON’S PRAYEROh dear God,help my dadevery dayhe sure needs it”
“And maybe life isn't as hard as it seems to beEvery day could be a mess , but darling, you seeOne of the few places you will always find peaceOwes its breeze to the constant chaos in the sea ...”
“Challenges are whatmake life interestingand overcoming them iswhat makes lifemeaningful. Never fear failing at something because there’s something you have to learn.”
“Warm someone's cheekWhisper CaressKiss for 10 seconds, or more, or for the rest of your lifeBe thereLoveLongBelongBe loyalBe loveBe with someone alwaysBelong to yourself”
“Risk arrestRunPlay a children's gameHire a sitterLift baggageOpen doorsOpen a windowOpen your mindExpand your patienceFeel peaceCause excitementKiss the children”
“Just because an eloquent, articulate and well-spoken person is sharing something, does not make what they are saying, true. Just because someone can relay information with an engaging, exciting or enticing delivery, does not mean what is being said is fact. Deciding what is true based on only emotion and not connecting with logic, looking up facts and researching for the proof behind it, can be very dangerous. Back it up before you buy into it. ”
“Create childish words. Comminglewhat you feel with determined,mesmerizing, musicalvoices whispering 		cry		smile	wonder.”
“I don’t know what tomorrow will bring. None of us does. That’s why we get up and go on because, until forever comes, you can’t stay where you are.”
“Maintenance will keep us where we are, growth will put us where we are going”
“Forget all labels and simply live as a human, and you'll have all the morality in you”
“Be open to GOD’s graces, and live your life as a hymn of praise to our Creator.”
“I wish to have a taste of what the best version of myself (i.e. the image of GOD in me) feels like.”
“Becoming an inspiration means making a conscious decision every day to hold yourself to a higher standard. Be what you want to see in others. Become what you want to see in others on your team.”
“Half the failures of this world arise from pulling in one's horse as he is leaping. - from Guesses at Truth: By Two Brothers by Julian Charles Hare and Augustus William Hare”
“The one who falls and gets up is so much stronger than the one who never fell.”
“I am a scientist, but it’s not the popularization of science, that I have in mind, rather, my main concern is the well-being of the human society.”
“We seem to be laboring under the delusion that none of us can possibly be special. We used to tell people that everyone is special, but this new attitude of pessimism is not helping us move forward. Of course everyone is special. That doesn’t make everyone capable of being an astronaut, but they’re still special.” -Shenita Etwaroo”
“A deceitful win is twice a failure!”
“Expecting someone to respect you is the wildest form of ego!”
“Have the willpower to stay focused on your dreams and dare to expect more out of life.”
“In a clean, uncluttered room, you can think, you can be your true self. It's the same with worries &amp; anxieties, keep them under wraps, and you're free to excel in activity that matters.”
“Every moment is a blank canvas.”
“There are very few people that are actually lazy in life. "I'm lazy" is a lazy explanation for your inaction.”
“The greatest enemies of success and happiness are negative emotions, of all kinds.”
“Hope is important. It allows you to survive.But there's a point where tough love is required if you want to change.Action is necessary. It allows you to live.”
“The problem may be you're to busy trying on everybody's else hat that you've forgotten about your crown.”
“The greatest happiness in the world is in helping the people you don't know and seeing them happy.”
“We are manipulating machine intelligence, and in the process, we have forgotten to effectively utilize the true potential of our own mind, let alone focus on improving the mind. We are developing artificial intelligence and have forgotten to develop our own psyche.”
“The only way we can grow is to recognize the shortcomings of today, take actions to mend them tomorrow and make them history the day after tomorrow.”
“If I can provide something good to you, then take it, and use it in your life, but do not ever attempt to impose me on others as their path to salvation, for humans are their own path to salvation. Books of thinkers and teachers can be the help in that salvation, but never the drivers of that salvation.”
“The world has loads of human bodies to relentlessly want for more and more despite having all. What the world lacks are real human beings, with veins of steel and heart of honey.”
“There are no failures, if you learn and grow from your mistakes; there are only lessons learned.”
“Anyone can perform magic. Anyone can reach his goals if he can think, if he can wait, if he can fast.”
“There is no time to waste. Every second is precious. Either you have fun with your life and let your descendants suffer, or you chose to take responsibility of what happens to this world, and give your descendants the stable and beautiful environment in which they can grow and flourish.”
“Don't underestimate the power of a useless fellow, for the world is taken forward in the path of progress by the rare few who are hailed by the society as useless.”
“No Duniadari, Just Comfort.”
“Get focused and make your business your priority. When you sacrifice time and energy for something you want, sooner or later, you will be rewarded for your efforts.”
“Please do not think God has forgotten about what you've asked. Your answer, similar to rain from Heaven, is being perfectly prepared to either drizzle, pour, or flood down at any unexpected moment even when we believe we're in a season of drought. Hold on just a bit longer.”
“When you light up the lamp of awareness the ignorance and fear disappear.”
“Living happily with parents requires adjustments.That takes care of most demons of our minds.”
“No hole is deep enough to be unclimbable. Not even the one you dug yourself into.Never give up.On yourself.”
“If I am gonna do all the talking, likely I am amongst dead people.”
“If you want to see the world don't be the fulcrum pin of the ferris wheel. Rather be a nail on one of the benches in one of the cars.”
“My opinion of me is what sets the tone of my personality”
“Show how you can get me back my childhoodDo not keep reminding me of my past otherwise”
“Crediting someone for your unhappiness is about not taking responsibility yourself.”
“Fail, fail and fail again - but never let those failures keep you from moving ahead.”
“If it's right, you'll feel it in your soul”
“A fighter never gives up. His scars are his ornaments. He may never be whole, yet he’s bigger than all his battles and beautiful, even in his brokenness.”
“Don't let fear interfere. It's how you use your fear that counts. Don't let it exhaust you -let it excite you. Change the narrative. You only get one life.”
“Lion Is fearless. Lion is not a survivor But a warrior. Lion Hunt Alone, Not in group. Lion Don't eat leftover, but hunt big. A Lion does not turn around when a small dog Barks. Lion Is the king of the jungle”
“Sitting too long produces trees.”
“You must be prepared to work always without an appaulse.”
“Be the strength to the weak - be the color in their bleak and dismal lives - be the joy which has long gone from their poor existence.”
“Rise as a human being - live as a legend - work as a Messiah - and you shall see the bright glorious change all around you.”
“Whatever you do, do as an original human – as a master, not as a slave.”
“You are insignificant, as long as you think of yourself as insignificant.”
“Stop whining and rise up - rise against the modern barbarianism - not for yourself, but for your future generations.”
“Every high ideal appears utopian to the ordinary masses, until they see it manifesting in front of their own eyes.”
“Mind you, O Mighty Soldier, you are the guardian of humanity's destiny - you are the shield and the sword of our species in the road ahead.”
“The Game is never Over, initials says G...O... for the next...”
“The so-called holy warriors are driven by a cause, no matter how disgustingly barbarian that cause be. If only we the conscientious humans were as driven as them, by our urge for real peace and real harmony, then we could, for real, not in theory, live in a world of pure compassion and hatelessness.”
“I draw from the well what I like. The well has both mud and water.”
“Awake, Arise and start working - start working for your people - your kind - your humans - for you are a human being above all tribal labels.”
“Don't let fear interfere.”
“If only we the genuine humans had the real guts, and sense of real responsibility to act as the holy warriors on our own original beliefs and principles, then we wouldn’t see any trace of terrorism in the world whatsoever, religious or otherwise.”
“It's better to live for five days as an unconditioned, liberated human being, than to live for a thousand years as a dead, conditioned, second-hand human body.”
“Work, work and work, until you see the change manifesting as reality, which everybody else only wishes for with their hands joined and head bowed as meek, mind-less, second-hand worshipers and slaves of illusory masters.”
“The society is neurotic – it is a fact – no conscientious creature can deny it. But my question to you is – what are you doing to obliterate this neuroticism for good?”
“Blind obedience to books, whether it is the Bible, the Quran, the Vedas or any other, has erected more and more walls in this world - and to defend those walls, even more fences on both sides. Now the real question is, how much more time will humanity take to realize the obvious devastation that these disgusting walls of segregation have brought along and keep on bringing along in this world!”
“Without the conscientious actions of you, o braveheart, the society ever lastingly will be stuck in a loop filled with misery, hopelessness and destructive external advancement.”
“Let your action glitter with real holiness - and then only will the world witness the manifestation of real religion - the religion of love - the religion of compassion - the religion of service”
“You can customize tomorrow, only if you train your brain today! Don't believe in Luck, only believe in hard work”
“Our Destiny is very scripted and unpredictable by the universe. What ever happened was meant to be”
“Winners win, Losers lose. It's YOU who decides what you want to be”
“Power of words are infinity, use them wisely. Power of words can change the world or destroy”
“Don’t train to be ordinary; train to be extraordinary. You have to go beyond the ordinary in order to become extraordinary. You must develop a style that works for you.”
“It is better to try than to do nothing.”
“The young, thought Sharma, have this ability to suffer much in the time of grief, unlike the old who have seen enough sorrow and know it shall not stay forever. The young hardly know grief is like a thunderstorm. It comes whispering softly at first, a distant hum, a halo of vehemence in the sky, and then there is a sudden, violent, and copious outpouring; that drenches everything that comes in its way. It darkens the sky and turns every inch of green terrain dusky grey. But they don’t realize its ferocity will become less with the lapse of time, and the sun will shine bright and warm, and wash the land golden, and no one would be able to tell there had been a storm. They scarcely understand this essential unfolding of grief isn’t meant to last forever, and eventually, it shall come to pass.”
“What took years to hide only took a moment of honesty to recover.”
“What can be more powerful than looking at people around you and understanding that by being kind, loving and helpful towards them, you are also being kind, loving and helpful towards yourself.”
“In order to be happy, one must first let go of all pettiness and selfish attachments.”
“If we are not mindfully aware of where we are going, we could end up somewhere far from where we want to be.”
“Believe that honesty and truth belong in everything you do, in everything you say, in everything you think, at all times.”
“We must free ourselves from this prison that restricts our personal desires by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.”
“In a world full of people, what could be more beautiful than knowing how to form healthy relationships and establish deeper connections with those around us.”
“Fear and uncertainty are often the first steps on the road towards personal growth.”
“Only when we become truly aware on all levels of awareness within ourselves will we find we can build heart to heart connections with others. After all you cannot receive what you cannot give.”
“Changing your ego to eating for other people and their worth is a simple change, that will make a whole lot of difference and an immense impact on the world.”
“The strong feeling to connect and love with other human beings, drives the energy of the soul to connect with the physical connection from one person to another.”
“We help each other grow through our spirit connection. We connect and share our spiritual journal to realise a greater purpose.”
“The true essence of the soul is revealing when we embrace the light and shadows within ourselves.”
“When we become more aware of our personal growth we long more for heart and spiritual relationships.”
“When it comes to manifesting our desires it is up to us to be clear on what it is we want. Only then, will it become clear on why we want it!”
“We often forget that as human beings, it is in our nature to give and create, so step out of your comfort zone and changing your mind-set, do what we do best and connect.”
“Take time to feed your soul and keep the mind-body-spirit connection strong.”
“Inspiration opens windows to new possibilities, giving us vision with what we can do with our lives.”
“The path towards spiritual clarity brings many questions, but all you need to remember is that everything is happening exactly as it should.”
“Awareness is an awakened state of mind that shows us what we need to see in order to conduct our lives free from emotional pain and suffering.”
“Awareness is required, for no two people are the same, no two interactions are going to be the same, therefore you have to be in tune with what is going on moment to moment.”
“Take a break from the stresses of life and use that time to rediscover the important things that matter to you most. We all deserve an anti-stress day to recharge our batteries.”
“Be careful who you choose to allow into your circle, our behaviour and thought patterns mirror those we hang around with.”
“Until you are aware in the moment of your thoughts, emotions, words, and behaviour, you will have difficulty making changes in the direction of your life.”
“I think it’s important to realize that we grow most through meeting the challenges of difficult and painful experiences”
“We are all artists in this life and our only job is to create from the space within our soul.”
“Listen to the whispers you hear from within, give your soul the voice to be heard.”
“You can’t put one foot in one railcar and the other foot in another car. If you do, you won’t get anywhere.”
“Shine your light into the darkness and you’ll find lost treasure.”
“Those who believe in it are the ones who find it”
“You can cry again or You can try again. Choice is yours.”
“It's easy to complain about your life - how tough it is, how unfair it is, how stressful it is, how everyone else has it much better. But if you step into the life of someone you envy for just a day, you'll discover that everyone has their own problems, and they're usually worse than yours. Because your problems are designed specifically for you, with the specific purpose of helping you grow.”
“I love my haters, They actually help me to grow faster.”
“Being scared" and "not being able to do it" are two completely different things. Be clear on your choice of allowing fear to take control.”
“Either you shine in the dark or get lost in the light.”
“I et universHvor absolutt alle har superkrefterSkiller en liten gruppe seg utDe kan ingentingBare de kanRedde verden”
“When we laugh at the joy in everyday life we realise that the world is not such a serious place after all.”
“You do not need to change people. Simply pull back the curtain obscuring their view of the truth and let them stare. Common sense, compassion and kindness will take it from there.”
“If there were no suffering, man would not know his limitations, would not know himself.”
“In cocoon mode you are tapping into deep Mariana Trench energy and the Universe is helping make your destiny a reality. Whenever you make a conscious and positive effort to improve yourself and feed into achieving what you deserve from life you will emerge from the cocoon and become the butterfly.”
“Never give up, and be confident in what you do. There may be tough times, but the difficulties which you face will make you more determined to achieve your objectives and to win against all the odds.”
“With deliberate practice, however, the goal is not just to reach your potential but to build it, to make things possible that were not possible before. This requires challenging homeostasis—getting out of your comfort zone—and forcing your brain or your body to adapt.”
“Success is the friend of the communicator and the consensus builder”
“Manusia tanpa harapan, dia mayat berjalan”
“The efforts would always be successful where the two floors would like to be one.”
“999 times I failed in vain,In next attempt I won andUnlocked the chain.Then flew above the clouds,got rid of rain,Finally clutched success and felt pity on pain.”
“When I look down on my achievements, I wonder what more can I do?”
“If you're addicted enough to your passion, you'll surely somehow find time and paths to follow it.”
“I used to criticize my body for everything I felt it wasn't. Now, I praise my body for what it has carried me through.”
“However desperate your life may seem, there is hope. And no matter how dire your circumstances may appear, you can rise above them.”
“Life is ultimate race one can run !! You've to learn, to be specific learn to live it !! There might be hiccups, but you need to tackle it and come out with flying colors !!”
“Think about it a little. Humanity is widely proclaimed by itself as a wise and conscientious species, only because of the actions of a handful of conscientious individuals. Why does humanity not realize that it is not the responsibility of only a handful of individuals to be wise, to be courageous, to be conscientious and to be humane, rather it is the existential responsibility of all humans!”
“A sunset is God's way of saying He loves you. A good grade on a test is God's way of saying He loves you. Throughout any given day, God makes it so that you are comforted, secure and loved.”
“I work to create the stories I would like to read - and then I can read them.”
“Don't underestimate me so easily. Tiny spikes can overturn big trucks!”
“Life has many roadblocks. If you can't move, create your own path. Quitting is not an option.”
“I can't change the world, but I can always change my point of view.”
“Exercise is not a chore! Improving your health and well-being should be something you enjoy, in combating stress, so be sure to always have fun whilst doing it.”
“All achievements – all feats of excellence, rise from the protoplasmic realm of the brain.”
“The worst part about a break up isn't the loss of a relationship. It's finding out that the person you once loved doesn't exist anymore. You start mourning the death of somebody who is still alive. It's painful and sobering. It's knowing that the person you loved has vanished into thin air and all that's left behind is their ghost”
“Life has more meaning in the face of Death.”
“Kill the loneliness by being with yourself, all alone.”
“Sunshine, external, is universal; internal, the eternal. Choose; shine.”
“Nothing is Impossible; there are just some things we haven't achieved yet”
“Impossibility is a state of mind, not a destination”
“Irony; these days, images have so much noise; and people, silent.”
“Sometimes being with yourself is best company.”
“i want to be in the presence of honest beings, creative beings, seeing beings, healing beings, learning beings, beautiful beings.”
“If you are the drama, I would like to be your script for life.”
“If you had to face defeat in the morning also. So learn to transform him into victory until the evening.”
“Six big companies refused to refund me for a bad service. I humiliated them, I threaten them, I kept their product, and I made them pay for every cent at the end.My girlfriend asked me for some time off and challenged me. I dumped her without further discussion. My computer demanded a break. And so I broke it. I have some of its letters being shipped from across the world while I type without them, for seventeen hours a day, from Monday to Sunday. And yet, this world still seriously underestimates the one that was born in the darkness and shaped by the fire. I can eat the whole planet in one single bite if I want.”
“Give perspective, to old one, in a new way; and discover.”
“Chirpy greens, free thoughts, a paper, a pen and a crazy mind; Authors' paradise.”
“In all good things, go and do.”
“لي حياة هنا وسأحققها”
“Last love lives long lost life.”
“Dear dreams, don't disturb, delightfully disturb.”
“Trips have jet-lags and I-ll-miss-you tags; but they have long-time-no-see as well.”
“Defocus, for there lies another perspective.”
“Waves are not as dangerous as fear of waves.”
“like a tree, you will experience high winds and hard rains. but. know that you are built for it. give your storms names. become.”
“A Goal is an end towards which efforts are directed. You may have effort, but if you have no Goal, it will not take you to your Destination.”
“The wealthiest place in the world is not the gold mines of South America or the oil fields of Iraq or Iran. They are not the diamond mines of South Africa or the banks of the world. The wealthiest place on the planet is just down the road. It is the cemetery. There lie buried companies that were never started, inventions that were never made, bestselling books that were never written, and masterpieces that were never painted. In the cemetery is buried the greatest treasure of untapped potential.”
“Ideally, no one is ‘wrong’ in their own perception. They only need the opportunity to explain themselves and help us in our effort to understand their perception. We need to take the interest to know why they see the reality the way they do.”
“What you think, believe and do makes all the difference.”
“Most of the beautiful things in the world are done effortlessly.”
“When craziness mixes with love, happiness, deviants and unicorns—you have to embrace it.”
“Good things happen when you surround yourself with the right people.”
“The world has enough gods, more than seven billion of them, to diminish all its miseries and perturbations. Then why is it not good and safe a planet yet to live on! Because those Gods are sleeping and in their dream they are worshipping imaginary shadows of their inner divinity. They need to wake up first, in order to reign over the world and then transform it with their ceaseless streams of radiant divinity.”
“I like a hint but not a full story.I need an exotic star but not the whole universe.”
“To get out of depression, you need to find your exotic connection.”
“I will keep falling deep down into my abyss, until my chaos turns it into an art scene.”
“The moon stays beautiful with its cratersSo why then are you afraid of your scars?”
“I keep falling deep down into my dark Abyss until my Abyss turns into a horizon…”
“Life is an art of mystical combination.”
“View your life as a form of art, and dare to turn it into an existential masterpiece.”
“I'm convinced that a few people are going to stand up and do something, anything, to get this world back in our hands.”
“Turn your life moments into a unique art of existence.”
“At the edge of who you are, you may find the fragments of your original beginnings.”
“The art of existence is to live your own myth.To understand your own myth. To expand your own myth.”
“The art of existence is to find a sensation of spiritual expansion that makes you larger than existence itself.”
“Welcome to planet Earth, find an exotic version of yourself.”
“Some symbols let you express yourself infinitely in their force.”
“Planet Earth is a fantastic destination if you manage to find this surreal sensation of wild liberation.”
“Walk barefoot on your convictions and beliefs…Ask unasked questions about the edge of your existence.”
“Anger is such a devious emotion. It controls even the best of us by a firm grip around the neck, making us say and do things we often come to regret.”
“Walk barefoot on your dogma… Art is a journey into your existential fairytale.”
“I prefer to be wrong to save the wildness of the right.”
“Tomorrow I will run more courageously,more outrageously.”
“I wonder the world desperate to find the edge of myself… But it seems that a human soul is always “to be continued”…”
“And you think these collapses are your endBut nebulas collapse to become stars.”
“A* search for the certain puzzle that fits your mind. A certain quality out of matrix, an emerge of reality and divine. Persistent sustained look and fixed mind is the rebirth, the start of sanity, the start of rise.”
“Today you can change everything if you just dare to believe in the extraordinary of what is possible.”
“If you want to be interesting for your own God, you must have something that your God does not know about.”
“We have evolved psychologically indeed and through this evolution we have gained extraordinary psychological capacities, that basically are not possessed by any other species on earth, yet those capacities are not utilized at their fullest and most productive potential. It’s like having money and yet wasting it on unhealthy non-sense like alcohol and expensive cigars, while your neighbor is starving in front of your eyes.”
“THE MAN WHO WINS IS THE MAN WHO THINKS HE CAN”
“Some symbols reach to your primordial archives.”
“By forcing your dark secrets to surface, and revealing your evil capacities, you can begin to work at them, and put them in a space where you can control their power and influence in your life.”
“What separates us from animals is that we, unlike them, have one additional step between stimulus and action. We have the ability to think before we act.”
“Life is an abstract art, and it’s up to you to make sense of it.”
“Untamed thinking turns your reality into a wild expedition.”
“Daring never goes out of style.”
“Could you exist just for the art of existence?”
“By expanding your views, you expand your reality.”
“Breaking your inner boundaries is an existential art.”
“Existence is a medium of art.”
“Once you expand the meaning of freedom, you expand the universe within…”
“Untamed thinking turns your life into a new art form. Dare to be an artist.”
“On the road to liberation, learn to press Next. Even if there is no such an option.”
“Some concepts take courage.”
“To push the boundaries of your reality, you have to push the boundaries of your mind.”
“For a great artist, life is about searching for something that gives you an insatiable craving to go further and beyond.”
“Liberation is an existential art. Liberation is a spiritual art.”
“Dare to create. Dare to re-create. Daring never goes out of style.”
“Great artists have wild and untamed reality.”
“Don’t be an artist. Dare to be an Artist.”
“Some ideas are an expedition.”
“Make existential liberation your spiritual orientation.”
“Great artists play the game to its existential edge.”
“Stretch your mind to expand your soul.”
“Sometimes travelling to your very edge is travelling down to your very core.”
“Learn to walk barefoot on your dogma…”
“Freedom has an expanding definition.”
“Let your self-liberation break the law of gravitation…”
“Freedom is an inborn destination.Freedom is within our DNA.”
“It takes brave thinking to sail to your own periphery, to see your boundaries, and break them through.”
“Expand your mind to expand your soul. Through ideas you travel your infinity.”
“Freedom is a living concept, free in itself…”
“Liberation comes in ideas. And ideas transform.”
“Desire is an art.”
“Wine knows that having passion for life is an art itself.”
“Great philosophy is always a trailblazer.”
“There is something between the call of the wild and the need to know what’s all this behind.”
“The more I learn about myself, the more I realize it isn't about me.”
“Best wines with character have abyss within.”
“To expand the definition of freedom you have to keep on setting something free…”
“Think free to smell your wild beach within.”
“Do not let your dogma to become your spiritual eclipse.”
“Great creators meet at the edge of our “reality”.”
“Believe in those who seek liberation, but not in those who promise liberty.”
“Great philosophy turns your life into a new art form.”
“To have a story of liberation can only those who are aware of their captivity.”
“Its going to be a rocky relationship you are going to have with your business, don’t marry it if you don’t like it! Its going to be ruff sometimes but you can create life to something beautiful!”
“Daring plays the game to its edge.”
“Do not let any religion to become a form of spiritual trespassing.”
“Many ideologies that promise liberty are only involved in advanced forms of captivity.”
“Religions are dogmatic streets. Soar higher to see the whole city.”
“Once you let your mind exist without limitations, your reality emerges beyond your expectations.”
“The value of your work is not in the dollar. It's in your word.”
“Sometimes people look in the past when they really should be looking at the future!”
“All will be annihilated in this age except the one who established in his ways and firm in his thought is”
“Progress Is A Process... - (G Swiss)”
“Trust the magic of new beginnings. They fly on the high spirits of faith and hope.”
“Life is a chessboard, don't wait to be checkmated, make a move now!!!”
“I'm looking towards my future and enjoying every race, no need to look behind me because my past has been erased.”
“A fruitful tree is a seed well nurtured”
“Enrich your soul with Krishna consciousness and confine the heartfelt thirst”
“Hidden symbol of your past shows your destinatioon”
“Truth is a sport, and winner takes it all.”
“It's not whether your love is temporary or has infinity. It's about the feeling of infinity when you're in love.”
“Sometimes the best way to find your road is to get lost. Sometimes the only way to find a way is to get lost.”
“I will dive into my chaos, and my Abyss will turn it into an art scene.”
“No throne in the world can substitute a beach chair.”
“I reached my very edge. I was about to break down. I was about to break through.”
“Some jump down off the bridges, some sail towards the horizon… Meaning is always under construction.”
“Forever is a hypnotic version of infinity.”
“Life is a beach. Don’t make spelling errors.”
“Sometimes the best solution to make a revolution is your personal evolution. And sometimes your personal evolution is not possible without a revolution.”
“Humans want to know the meaning of life, but more than that they want this life to have a deeper meaning.”
“If there is an original sin, then music must be my primordial salvation.”
“Infinity is my spiritual horizon.”
“Art is a mythical beast. It takes out all your primal instincts to awaken your dormant myth.”
“I need an exotic star but not the universe.”
“Welcome to Planet Earth, find your existential avant-garde.”
“I am an artist, and I am a piece of art.”
“Some ideas are existential luxury.”
“Courage loves the idea of infinity.”
“You are evolution. You are revolution.”
“By reaching for infinity, you reach the core of yourself.”
“Freedom is an existential art.”
“In a physical body lives a surreal soul where an exotic spirit listens to its own primordial howl.”
“Breakthrough artists always expand the very concept of freedom.”
“Tomorrow is an exotic demo version.”
“Courage is a spiritual style.”
“Planes will never have the final, perfect model because their idea is all about the infinity.”
“Some ideas take you on an existential elevator.”
“I exist for the art of existence.”
“Enjoy the wine, don’t spill the night…”
“Exaggerate the essential. Sometimes the art of existence depends on how you exaggerate the essential.”
“We Rise By Lifting Others”
“I wonder the world desperate to find the edge of myself.”
“It‘s not about your wildest dreams coming true but being able to dream the wildest side of you.”
“First, break free; then break through.”
“Philosophy loves it wild.”
“Declare your life an emergency... then get started and keep pushin!”
“Liberation is an existential style.”
“No matter how good you are, chances are that others can hate you the most but you don't always have to care about what other's think of you. Just do good, be good and spread smiles.”
“Life is like the pages of a book. You are free to read any page of your choice but remember, your success or failure depends on the page you have read.”
“Never let life's circumstances define who you are.”
“A smile and the kind words have so much power.”
“Believe in yourself, Give your best to everything and know that your one failure is not final.”
“Every fall is a sign that you tried climbing.”
“Time heals all wounds is one of the biggest lie! Time does not heal all the wounds.Some words, some memories stays with us forever.”
“We can't please everyone in life. If you know what you're doing is not wrong, If you're not hurting someone, If it's not really wrong then there is nothing to be worried about. Let's always give more and expect less.”
“Be brave. Don't just live in your cave till your grave.”
“If u hate your life today, u will hate it forever... If u love your life today, u will love it forever...”
“If you don’t grow. If you don’t learn. If you don’t change. If you don’t listen. It’s likely you’re wrong.”
“If life could be as simple as black or white, we wouldn’t need to be smart or even require judgment. But life is all about grey areas. That’s what makes it exciting, for all we do is experience the shades of grey that we can see.”
“Have the courage to stand by what is right, even if the wrong thing takes you there faster.”
“If you want the motivation back, you must feed it. Feed it everything. Books, television, movies, paintings, stage plays, real-life experience. Sometimes feeding simply means working, working through nonmotivation, working even when you hate it.”
“To have a story of a spiritual trailblazer is to have a story of discovering new spiritual concepts.”
“pride only gurantees you will LOSE - whether now or eventually - what it will be that you lose or who it will be - only time will tell ... - (G Swiss)”
“God has given me a lot of money, but I don't waste a penny!”
“Whatever you do, the most important is progress, not a regress”
“Dragons love to fly at the expanding edge of your world.”
“At the beginning, you need no support other than your pen and paper to write down the ideas that your brain is ready to supply you at any given time.”
“Infinity is experienced in ideas. Make the ideas of your life worth travelling the infinity.”
“Epicuro,” Spain interrupted with a firmness that made us all turn, “you don’t want humanity to fail your Great Test because the lot of us, who should be out there shepherding, were stuck here, riveted, listening to you arguing theodicy with Voltaire.”
“Infinity is a way of thinking.”
“Your Clock Will Never Slap you if you west your time, But destiny will one day.”
“Truths. Life is not easy, the sun doesn't shine everyday, a broken heart takes time to mend, you will not succeed in everything, friends will come and go, you can not please everyone, God is with you through it all.”
“When we focus on our humanity and not our ethnicity or religion, we allow unity to connect us with our diversity to the one who created us all in his divinity.”
“I am only who I believe myself to be and I stand in full confidence because of the God in me. I am strong and bold.”
“The moment you realize you are responsible for your own happiness is the moment you stop inviting unhappiness in your space.”
“I refuse to give away my time and my beautiful mind to those who will not yield a return on my investment.”
“When your only competition is becoming a better you, you will always win the game.”
“Don't wake up and still sleep your dream away.”
“My past will never paralyze me, I will never fear my future and I will always prevail in my present situation. I am resilient.”
“I'm always winning because I never stop fighting.”
“Dreams can only come true when you wake up and do something.”
“A relationship can only survive when chaos is no longer created through lies and deception and love is displayed through truth and action.”
“I pray for wisdom because I lack understanding. I pray for strength because I am weak. I pray for guidance because I am lost. I pray for comfort because I am hurting. God I pray to you because I know you are always listening.”
“Never live your life in someone else's shadow because you will never awake the giant within you.”
“If one only focus on the stages of development and ignore the spiritual, he or she has done injustice to the cycle of life.”
“Live a life of positivity and you will have a life of prosperity.”
“Everything has been figured out, except how to live”
“I started to experience success when I Stopped being afraid of failure. I quit making excuses of not starting, like I was to broke, to busy, Etc ... I started Succeeding when I turned those excuses of Failure into Reasons for me To Get off My Butt, Make it happen and Succeed.  Success is a process. Its not a Place or thing that you arrive At or Have. It's during the Journey and Struggles that Success is Made”
“Love never fails even when it dies. Love always live.”
“People don't work hard to achieve their goals, and then blame it on their luck !”
“A discerning spirit will always reveal a deceitful agenda”
“The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe”
“While a rich man cannot have more than 1440 minutes a day, a clever man makes more time by using OPM or Other People's Minutes.”
“A significant part of being transparent is telling others the truth.”
“If you're going to write, write! Don't put it off."-W.M.Aslam”
“Stars can't shine without darkness, and I am that darkness!”
“Nothing worthwhile can ever be achieved until a decision is made. You're in control of your decisions and your decisions are in control of your destiny.”
“Every moment in life is a blessing, even if it bring tears or laughter. As a child of God, you should always keep Ecclesiastes 3:1 to mind.”
“You need to tolerate all manner of characters for your own good because, you cannot force people to change and even if you have to, you cannot change everyone.”
“As a start-up writer, there is need for you to define your area of interest. You should know what inspires you to becoming a writer. Choose what interests you most and make it your pathway to achieving your dream, then work on it. Both fiction and nonfiction writers have everything in common- they are writers, authors, and the both achieve greatness and influence when they write prolifically.”
“I needed a more interesting life.I could start by learning something.I could start with the starter.”
“Don't ever let someone else's lack of ambition or vision define you.”
“Make the world a better place by bringing positivity to the space you occupy everyday.”
“Shouldn't we be trying to change the things that are making us anxious instead of trying to learn how to cope?”
“Finding and fixing every missing piece of life isn't easy. It sometimes takes the life out of life. But giving up is what losers do, not winners. At the end, whether you found all the pieces will not matter but how well you fixed what you found will..”
“I need more of love from the nature to heal me than any religious discourses or spiritual practices”
“Try and remember what you said you'd do and why you said you'd do it.Forget what you think other people want the thing you said you'd do to be.The thing you said you'd do should only be what you want the thing you said you'd do to be.If the thing you said you'd do makes other people happy, that's great but don't say things or do things just to make them happy.Find new ways to do the thing you said you'd do that don't change the meaning of what you said you'd do.Have the purest of intentions for what you said you'd do and do it bravely.If the thing you said you'd do becomes successful, continue to act and think like it is unsuccessful, otherwise you'll spend your time worrying that it might become unsuccessful.If you said you'd involve people in the thing you said you'd do, listen to them when they say what they think you should do.If you said you'd do the thing you said you'd do alone, then go boldly into the wilderness and make your own soul be company enough, while you do the thing you said you'd do.Do right by the thing you said you'd do. Tend to it and love it.By trying to remember what you said you'd do and the reason why you said you'd do it.”
“People are fragile... the planet can look after itself.”
“You, too, can observe the beauty of flowers and nature through the windows of your life if you are willing to open them.”
“Self-discovery, self-love, never be afraid to find you.”
“Character is never defined by one's external sharpness, but it is acted out by one's internal values.”
“God's plans for you are always good and purposeful.”
“Only give what you want to receive, it always comes back to you.”
“Accepting your own uniqueness invites others to respect you without apologizing for who you are.”
“Never allow someone's pride stop you from releasing them from your conscious and subconscious thoughts.”
“Because now I see that being different is something to be proud of and something that can lead to a sensational life.”
“When frustration shows up and negativity is holding its hand, take a moment to pause for positivity and watch how your attitude change.”
“This is my day to be and do better just because life is granted.”
“Never fear failure, never fear success, never feel like you have to be perfect to accomplish your goals. Fearless Imperfection.”
“Love and joy is better than sorrow and pain, but the growth of life happens when the sun shines and when it rains.”
“I love who I am becoming when all I am becoming is love.”
“Words only penetrate the heart when spoken in truth.”
“Trust takes time, time requires patience, patience is a virtue worth acquiring.”
“The struggle within exemplifies the beauty without. The art of transformation.”
“When people think they know you and put you in a box, keep growing and give them the box.”
“You can't take people where their mind isn't able to go.”
“Only in the silence do we get to hear the God within us.”
“Growth happens when you allow yourself to be transformed through the struggle.”
“The commonality of who we are is not what we believe, but how we love.”
“Know your story, tell your truth, embrace your uniqueness. You are lovely.”
“Transmutation:• Grapes must becrushed to make wine• Diamonds formunder pressure• Olives are pressed torelease oil• Seeds grow indarknessWhenever you feel crushed, under pressure, pressed, or in darkness, you’re in a powerful place of transformation/transmutation.”
“When you learn to let go of what you hold so close to your heart yet keep sending unconditional love its way, you must know that you have mastered the art of living.”
“We forget to live while we are too busy making plans how to live our lives.”
“Most of us have fallen into the idea of living an expensivelife on an empty bank account, all in the name of fitting in and going with the flow – Wake UP!”
“Mercifulness, compassion and benefaction are the elements exist only in a brave.”
“In order to fail, you must try first.”
“In this life, I've accepted the hand I've been dealt, but that don't mean I won't try and steal a few extra cards.”
“Read what you can, and read all you can without keeping a record of how many books you have read or how little time is left.”
“Life went on before you, goes on with you, and will go on without you. Live it to the fullest, enjoy every moment, always have time for real friends and loved ones, learn as much as you can, and be the best human being you believe you can be, not the person who people around you want you to be.”
“If you feel inferior all the time, this means that you regularly let people say and do to you whatever they feel like.”
“If you want to live an effortless life, believe me you will not live, you will just exist because living in the true sense requires you to put constant efforts day in day out.”
“If your plans are failing, search your motives. When you do things for the wrong reasons, do not expect God to back you up.”
“aklına nereden geldiyse bu potansiyeli yüksek silahı tıpkı kendi gibi gücün karanlık tarafına geçmiş o sith lordunun büyük bir ustalıkla kullandığı ölümcül silaha çevirdi. Madem burası zamandan ve mekandan yoksun bir kıyamet sonrası dünya idi neden Haydar'ı ara sıra rüyalarına giren o büyük hikayedeki lordun dövüşürken kullandığı silaha, yani ışın kılıcına çevirmesindi? Çevirdi hem de llum gezegeninden gelme mor bir ışın kılıcına çevirdi ve aynen şunları fısıldadı, "şimdi gelin ulan tabansızlar!”
“...I learned a valuable lesson about opportunities: even if an experience doesn't seem like it will benefit you, do your best to make sure it does.”
“Dreams are just dreams, nothing is real about them; but if you forget to live in the real world, then even the most fictitious dreams will feel real.”
“An entire life, lavishly colored with ecstasies and agonies, is exclusively born from the functional expression of neurochemistry. Every time that we sob in sorrow or laugh in joy, we do so, steered by a glorious storm of hormonal interplay within the deepest parts of our mind. And with each drop of tear that we shed in our times of excruciating pain, our brain constructs majestic new cellular connections to aid in the pursuit of our passion - in the pursuit of truth.”
“A non-reader has no advantage over the blind; the former is someone who makes a personal choice to act in ignorance, whereas the latter is someone who is visually impaired.”
“Standing for even the smallest things as a start will enable you to stand for greater things in life.”
“You may have all the knowledge one can possibly acquire, but it is useless unless it is molded and transformed by the power of imagination.”
“Unlike any other organ in human body, the brain cells are stimulated by key ingredients like imagination, fantasy, creativity, craziness, courage, passion, and even nonsense. Without these, you have a brain with dead cells.”
“You cannot possibly live a million lives even if you were the world's richest person alive, sure you can through books.”
“Judging people because of their unique differences is easy, take the time to love them.”
“Loving someone deeply and being loved by someone equally makes you a complete person.”
“I love pressure, so deadlines don't scare me; bring it on!”
“Real enemies usually reveal themselves and you dare to stand up to them because you know that is the right thing to do, but if you have false friends who are camouflaged on the exterior, you have dare to stand up to them even more because they will hurt you deeper and more permanent than your real enemies.”
“Real enemies usually reveal themselves and you dare to stand up to them because you know that is the right thing to do, but if you have false friends who are camouflaged on the exterior, you have to dare to stand up to them even more because they will hurt you deeper and more permanent than your real enemies.”
“If your understanding lacks the ability to explain what you understand to people of all ages, then you have not really understood.”
“The blocks exist in the mind; never in reality”
“Dream well, because "Dreams" are always the path to make the best of what we have in this world called - The Life”
“All it takes is one lie to be disbelieved;All it takes is one cheat to be distrusted;All it takes is one bad word to be excluded;All it takes is one heartbreaking to be hated;All it takes is one breath to be alive;All it takes is one steal to be cast out;All it takes is one last push to be winner;All it takes is one gossip to be whisperer; All it takes is one espionage to be backstabber;All it takes is one call to be remembered;All it takes is one nice word to be included;All it takes is one thank you to be appreciated;All it takes is one lousy comment to be ignorant;All it takes is one severe error to be failure;All it takes is one misbehavior to be labeled;All it takes is one slaying to be evil;All it takes is one smile to be welcome;All it takes is one giving in to be surrendered for life;All it takes is one victory to be taken seriously;All it takes is one failure to be ridiculed and scorned;All it takes is one hope to be believer;All it takes is one promise to be counted on.”
“I look at the stars again. Daddy says he named me Starr because I was his light in the darkness. I need some light in my own darkness right about now.”
“There are only so many times you can roll a dice, before it lands on a six.”
“Don’t let negative thoughts of the past or the future ruin your today.”
“As a black woman, the decision to love yourself just as you are is a radical act. And I'm as radical as they come.”
“I no more count my wasted tears;Nor can I hear the echo of their fall;No more do I mourn my lonely years;This hour is blessed and this is certainly my call.”
“Awakening is the greatest acceptance of nature.”
“Don’t live by quantity, live by quality.”
“Without gratitude, we can’t appreciate all the gifts that life gives us every day.”
“Inside of you, there is the power to change your world.”
“Do more of what makes your soul happy.”
“Life can be hard and beautiful and messy, but hopefully, it will be long. If it is, you will see that it’s unpredictable, and that the dark periods come, but they abate—sometimes with a lot of support—and the tunnel widens, allowing the sun back in.”
“Life is not a problem we're called to solve, but a reality we need to experience and enjoy.”
“No one has seen Him. Not even those who preach about Him. Yet we believe in Him. When we can so strongly believe in the one that no one has ever seen, then why can’t we believe in the ones that each one of us can see. Your wealth and your incantations don’t have the power to please Him. You cannot reach out to Him. But He can. Sincerely atone for your sins and rise above your flaws. And He shall seek you. Be good to those who are in distress. Be their hero. And god, the supreme Hero who lives above us all, shall Himself come to you.”
“Everything that happens in life isn’t negative.”
“Be the person you want to be, not the person other people want you to be.”
“We should have more reasons to smile than to cry. You will be surprised, even the saddest things could result in something to smile about.”
“There are only two valor essential to achieve the infinite knowledge, first is devotion and second is continuousness.”
“Vision creates motivation.”
“If you have a philosophical inclination inside you , you always feel that you observe the minute details of life, then be ready to live a challenging life.”
“Like a tree, let your roots ground you while your branches grow in many different directions with every new experience.”
“If you want to change the world Firstly,you will have to change yourself !!”
“कर्मण्येवाधिकारस्ते माँ फलेषु कदाचन। माँ कर्मफलहेतुर्भूर्मा ते सङ्गोऽस्त्वकर्मणि॥”
“Don't be pushed by your problems;be led by your dreams. Believe in you.”
“Sometimes the reality of life is so clear and innocent that you want to slap yourself as hard as you can. Because how many tons of absurd and complex definitions you had been carrying all along about it.”
“The biggest delusion of human is when he declares he has learnt, and the realization of that very delusion is when he corrects and says that, " Yes, he is still learning"!”
“Time never waits for you so reach before to ring it.”
“Inventiveness can set you off any trauma, suffering or a deep agony, so keep tailing her hand.”
“Self-Respect starts with Self-Care.”
“There is no freedom like forgiveness.”
“Give birth to compassion in your relations, all else, unbidden, will come along.”
“Sometimes, when people have a low opinion of their own worth—or, perhaps, when they refuse responsibility for their lives—they choose a new acquaintance, of precisely the type who proved troublesome in the past. Such people don’t believe that they deserve any better—so they don’t go looking for it. Or, perhaps, they don’t want the trouble of better. Freud called this a “repetition compulsion.” He thought of it as an unconscious drive to repeat the horrors of the past—sometimes, perhaps, to formulate those horrors more precisely, sometimes to attempt more active mastery and sometimes, perhaps, because no alternatives beckon. People create their worlds with the tools they have directly at hand. Faulty tools produce faulty results. Repeated use of the same faulty tools produces the same faulty results. It is in this manner that those who fail to learn from the past doom themselves to repeat it. It’s partly fate. It’s partly inability. It’s partly … unwillingness to learn? Refusal to learn? Motivated refusal to learn?”
“The key to a good life is not giving a f*** about more; its giving a f*** about less, giving a f*** about only what is true and immediate and important.”
“You must be hard on yourself and know when it’s time to quit, but you must be even more relentless when it comes to staying on the job and push through if that is what the situation is demanding.”
“Evil is a word used by the ignorant and the weak. The Dark Side is about survival. It's about unleashing your inner power. It glorifies the strength of the individual.”
“Trust your inner judgment. Be prepared to work for what you know is right, but avoid the insufferable tragedies of running with the infectious, and you will have invaluable tools at your disposal for the rest of your life.”
“You must learn how to separate a detrimental situation from which you must burn all the bridges from when you must partake in hard work that will provide you with desirable results, where you must persevere in pushing through to the end.”
“If you can plan ahead into the future, you will also be able to detach yourself from minor difficulties today.”
“GET OFF the paved path.It’s way too BASIC for you.There’s AIR to BREATHE.Oceans to FLOAT in.Dances to be DANCED.Songs to SING.Splendor to BEHOLD.Stop WAITING for PERMISSION.”
“You may have invaded my mind and my body... but there's one thing a Saiyan always keeps: his pride!”
“Life is good, but living in fear is not my idea of living”
“The reoccurring thoughts of leaving are the signs that will let you know it is time to quit and find prosperity somewhere else.”
“When we continuouslysnuggle up to antiquatedideas, we shut our eyesagainst the light of ourpotential.”
“Struggle! To struggle is to live, and the fiercer the struggle the intenser the life. Then you will have lived; and a few hours of such life are worth years spent vegetating.”
“Always maintain a steady eye on what you know is yours for the taking, and plot with all the energy you can muster to reach it.”
“You only have so much energy each day. Are you spending your time wisely? Are you spending your time in a useful way for your life? Your time is a valuable asset, use it as such.”
“What you believe about your strengths, weaknesses, knowledge, and skills is what you transmit to the outside world.”
“The more I looked forward for hope,The more patience I received.”
“Belief in a friendly Universe is a Good thing to start with”
“Even a low class warrior can surpass an elite, with enough hard work”
“Perfectly imperfect, flawlessly flawful.”
“People’s judgments, criticisms and power games won’t hit you as hard when your plan is greater than the assault.”
“It's really amazing how things will fall into place when you maintain a positive attitude.”
“Remove the mask you think others want to see. Instead, let them see your true, authentic self.”
“Our old methods of excavatingfor problems leavesus with more problems.Everything rides on changingthe positions we hold,the questions we ask, andthe answers we’re willingto accept. When we onlymine for weaknesses, that’sexactly what we’ll find.”
“You can get rich if you were born financially poor, But you can't get rich if you are poor minded.”
“An action by itself is insignificant but an action repeated every day is life-changing.”
“What if the theories inpsychology that dominateour mainstream cultureare flawed, rather than thepeople they diagnose?That we close our eyesto modern brain scienceand global context andpigeonhole human beingsas “normal” or “abnormal”is one of the biggestshams of the century.”
“Writing is the mirror in which I see myself most clearly.”
“Do not be harden by hardships.”
“There is no strength like being saved from the wages of sins.”
“Sometimes it’s not the times you decide to fight, but the times you decide to surrender—those are the decisions that can make all the difference. Those are the ones that can shape your story in history.”
“Show up as thereal you. Theairbrushed youisn’t sustainable,or even half asawesome.”
“You don’t need to berescued or saved. Youjust need spaces thatallow you to expandand rebuild.”
“It’s okay to be messy. Likesunflowers, galaxies, andfingerprints, your life is anintricately designed spiral.Your wrinkles, bumps, andbruises show the worldyou are a force of nature.Forget linear. When youembrace chaos, it bringsits own kind of order.”
“An awakened mindand heart will serveyou well. Rigidity stallsupward progress. Be asexpansive as you can.Even when you thinkyou’ve reached yourlimit, there’s more tounlearn and relearn.”
“Stop searching for wizardsand wands. Don’t buy intothe belief that you don’thave the brains, heart, andcourage to make it. Linkarms with your fellow travelersand never let go. Holdeach other up so that youcan see your own magic.”
“Stop letting peopleshove you into thebinary. There’s notenough room for yoursoul to fit into the narrowbox being forced uponyou.”
“Stay woke. Jump out ofbed, even if it makes youdizzy. Listen to your voice,even if it startles you.Breathe in the smellingsalt, even if it stings you.Stare into the light of thereality before you, even ifit burns. If you get weary,ask for help—whatever ittakes to keep your eyesopen. Bask in the glowof conscious living. Youare awake. This is whenchange happens.”
“The true marker oflearning is turning upwith more questionsthan answers.”
“It shouldn’t matter what I say, but rather, how you feel—don’t listen to the words of people. Instead, listen to your heart. It doesn’t lie, and it is speaking just as loudly.”
“Forgive yourself for the lives that will be lost, but do not forget them. A good leader always recognizes that sacrifices must be made in order to win, but remembering or forgetting those who sacrificed themselves for your cause is what separates the tyrants from the benevolent.”
“Never lose faith. When the world rears its ugly face at you and shows you how truly despicable it can be, believe that there is still something worth saving beneath its darkness.”
“You're gonna have to go through hell. Worse than any nightmare that you've ever dreamed. But in the end, you know you'll be the one standing. You know what you've gotta go. Do it. Do it!”
“Write something that not only you will always remember, but everyone that reads it will cherish it. You will make sure that when you write your history, that history will be known by future generations.”
“Show up as thereal you. Theairbrushed youisn’t sustainable,or even half asawesome.”
“Faith is for those who do not have the strength to stop what is to come! I have the strength. I have the power—You are not asking me to have faith—you are asking me to do nothing.”
“— Fericirea nu e pentru toţi, Cathy.— Ba sigur că e! Toţi ne naştem fericiţi. Pe drum, viaţa ni se mai murdăreşte, dar putem să o spălăm. Iar fericirea nu e exuberantă şi zgomotoasă, precum plăcerea sau bucuria. E tăcută, liniştită, suavă, e o stare interioară de satisfacţie ce începe prin a te iubi pe tine însuţi.”
“Everything is learning, learning is everything.”
“Being a puppetis overrated. Cutyour strings. We arehuman beings, notdoings. Knowing lifeis about impact, notperformance, is themost badass kind ofclarity you can have.”
“When it comes to 'change', you are either a leader or a follower; leaders create change, shape it, live it and be the change; followers on the other hand serve to the change and those who create it, furthermore they are forced to live somebody else's change. So, it is time for you to make a decision what you choose to be, a leader or a follower.”
“Being real is the powerskill of the century,but we’re taught to beotherwise in the placesthat should hold it mostsacred: our families,schools, workplaces,communities, housesof worship, andgovernments.”
“Perfect is annoying, boring,and impossible to sustain.Knowing how to translateconscientiousness intosomething beyond thefleeting satisfaction of “me”toward a “we” mindset is thebest move you can make.”
“Be fearless with yourquestions. Don’t beafraid to get a littlemuddy. Keep yourfeet nimble and eyesopen for new pathsand perspectives.Ready yourself tobe moved.”
“When it cones to 'change', you are either a leader or a follower; leaders create change, shape it, live it and be the change; followers on the other hand serve to the change and those who create it, furthermore they are forced to live somebody else's change. So, it is time for you to make a decision what you choose to be, a leader or a follower.”
“When it cones to 'change', you are either a leader or follower; leaders create change, shape it, live it and be the change; followers on the other hand serve to the change and are forced to live somebody else's change. So, it is time for you to decide what you choose to be, a leader or a follower.”
“You can be all and noneof the above all at once.Don’t feel obliged to checkoff little boxes for the sakeof doing so, especiallywhen they do not allow forrealization of the beauty ofthe human spectrum.”
“There is no challenge in knowing the outcome of what you are attempting to do, the real challenge is not knowing how what you are doing is going to turn out, or even better, attempting to do something that everybody tells you absolutely impossible to do.”
“Your consciousnesswill lead you home.”
“Stop trying tobend your mindaround someoneelse’s organizingframework.”
“Know that you matter!Know that you don't need to suffer!Know Yourself!Know that you are loved beyond imagination!”
“Enter this new year with a gratitude for this new chance to create your dreams.”
“A lazy brain does no one any good.”
“But sometimes we have to reach rock bottom. Sometimes you have to know what that feels like in order to lift yourself up from it.”
“Exercise your genius so often that you live in a perpetual state of runners high.”
“Be the type of person that leaves seeds of happiness in every other soul you encounter.”
“Being extraordinary is not reliant on talent. It's reliant on the consistent development of better serving practices.”
“To succeed in the world, you do not need luck or favoritism; what you need is you already have, try, try again, and try harder. Other essential ingredients are commitment, dedication, consistency, and the iron-will.”
“You only stop trying when you are physically or/and mentally unable to do so; if neither one is the case, then do yourself a favor and don't create silly excuses for not trying.”
“The road to success lies in the heart of knowing what you want to do in life and do it; some call it destiny.”
“Don't be upset when you see people around you get surprised at your great success. Their reaction is natural because they simply knew you before you became a man/woman of success.”
“Courage is making a difference in your life and in the world;Courage is standing up for yourself and against injustice;Courage is appreciating differences despite what others think;Courage is taking risks no matter how terrified you are;Courage is daring to do what most people are afraid of doing;Courage is standing tall after the hardest fall;Courage is starting fresh after you lost everything you owned;Courage is living every day with a purpose despite obstacles;Courage is getting up and voicing your opinion without fear;Courage is accepting change, moreover being the change;Courage is fighting for your rights even it costs your life;Courage is apologizing and saying sorry for wrongdoing;Courage is standing firm against racism and anybody who is racist;Courage is taking actions to save the lives of others;Courage is telling the truth no matter what;Courage is spending your life towards improving the human existence;Courage is...”
“There is immense power in silence, we must learn to be silent and not react to the different types of people we encounter or will encounter on our journey towards a greater life. We remember to always maintain our class and composure under all circumstances and to ignore the naysayers and those who try to bring us down to their level.”
“I know tomorrow will be a better day not because the world will change but because I will change. Tomorrow is mine for the taking.”
“New day, new beginning. Try again today.”
“It is in the dreams that you create today that leave behind your legacy.”
“To Achieve What So Few Have Achieved, Do What So Few Do.”
“The worst bully in your life is your own mind. Be kind to yourself and to others. Be gentle. Don’t beat yourself up for trying your best because, after all, you are trying your best.”
“Mistakes are meant to be learnt from. They do not define you or your life. They are simply teaching tools to prepare you for the next stage of your life.”
“Is today the day or will you wait longer to pursue your dreams?”
“We can’t relive our past but we can make sure that we live a better life tomorrow.”
“After the darkness there was sunlight. After the doubt there was trust. After the struggle, breakthrough turned up!”
“The way you treat others is a reflection of how you treat yourself. To give love to the world you must give love to yourself.”
“Your life is yours, and like anything else that belongs to you, it can be built the way you want. As long as you can imagine your dreams, you can make them a reality. The power is in your hands. You have all the cards, you just need to play them well.”
“Act in spite of fear and give yourself a chance to live your dreams, it might be the best decision you have ever made. Don’t forget that if you fail, it means you are trying, and if it’s hard it means you are on the right path.”
“If you call your failures and all the bad things happen to you a destiny; or similarly, you call all the good things happen to you a fate, then the success happening to you is impossible in this line of logic. You do not wait around for success to happen to you, you happen to success; when your hard work and dedication leads to success, you can then call it anything you like, destiny or fate it does not really matter.”
“One Man's Lie is Another Man's Truth.”
“Inspiration strikes at any time-be ready”
“If you call your failures and all the bad things happen to you a destiny; or similarly, you call all the good things happen to you a fate, then the success happening to you is impossible in this line of logic. You do not wait around for success to happen to you, you happen to success; when it does, you can then call it destiny or fate, it does not really matter.”
“To be happy, pursue love as your highest goal.”
“If you don't like what you see when you look in the mirror and you don't have a clue what you want in life, then it is going to be nearly impossible for you to do anything and be successful at it.”
“Look around, look within.Be creative,Think positive.Speak gently,Learn daily.Be polite,Help others.Live, love and laugh &amp;Most importantly 'Be kind”
“You aren't defined by your Qualification, Profession or Possession, but Character”
“Innovators with resources and smartness, are more busy with pompous dreams of colonizing mars, while their own kind suffers on earth.”
“Happiness will bring out the best in you, and enable you to do what you want and who you want to become in life.”
“Real things are subject to change, which revolves around reality. Get out, start moving, and be the change unless you want to sit still and watch the change taking place all around you.”
“There are no guarantees of success, if there were, it would have not been called real success. Success is an outcome, what counts more is the process together with the act of striving to achieve success.”
“When what you have looks like nothing remember God gives you your future first!”
“We don't force ourselves to be happy; to be happy we change ourselves”
“Believe, someday you will be at the place you always wanted to be.”
“Success in everything is born out of struggle,Wear your passion, live your dream Travel often, make memories And know how to act Happiness in life is to love and be loved truly.”
“Don't wish that you were in another's skin, that you were born different. Someone who is prettier with lighter skin or darker complexion with semi hair.No one can ever be you, love all your flaws, your mistakes and imperfections. They make you “YOU” and it is pretty amazing”
“Dream about the better life and not about the skin or the hair color. One person will choose you for who you are! Surround yourself with them though many can be around. Love yourself and the world will love you back.”
“Gaiety can be found in making others happy.The true felicity is an inner quality. A state and peace of mind!”
“Greatest delight in life is, having someone who loves you for the lifetime! Joy is what one needs the most in life. You can experience the moment of jollity when someone says “You are the inspiration” It can be found in everyday life, when a child gives you a smile while crossing the road or an old man thanking you for an help.”
“Always give more and expect less, Look at others with love and not hatred,Dream big and enjoy the little things in life.”
“Failing is not the end of the world, but not trying is. I am who I am because I dared to fail and I was willing to learn from my failures.”
“Life can be tough at times, people can be hard to handle, and things may go upside down as they sometimes will, but during every phase of life if you both can be together, make the ways to come out of the troubles and face the challenges of life together then you know? It’s true.Meant to be don’t just happen!”
“I will tell you what beauty actually is, you know, being born as a girl is a beauty, growing up and getting married is a kind of beauty. When you offer your hand to help someone brings out the beauty that’s inside you.”
“No matter how many riches a person have, sometimes what we seek the most is a place in someone’s heart.”
“That person is beautiful; who tries to bring out the best in others. If you don't let others be pushed to the side, it’s beautiful. If you see someone lagging behind, walking beside them is a beautiful thing. If someone is being ignored, taking the step to include them is beautiful. People who always remind others of their worth are the beautiful souls. Knowing that, it hurts when it feels like you're being forgotten and not letting the same to happen for someone is one of the beautiful thing.”
“You may hold his hands for a while but do the things that makes your heart hold on to his, forever and thereafter.”
“Most of the people in the world have conquered the outer space, but for definitely not their inner space.”
“We, human beings don't always need an intelligent mind that speaks, but a patient heart that listens. Supportive relationships are very much needed. Know that, the small acts of kindness can be as powerful as very big donations.”
“Always be kind and love a little more, people may try to discourage you, some may have the very worst intentions about you and its okay. Sometimes, a kick motivates us better than a pat on our back.”
“Beautiful is that girl who always loved you more than you expected, who helps people, who taught you right from the wrong. A mother who bears the child in her womb for nine months and becoming a mother is beauty. That is the real beauty.”
“Read, think, debate and learn. Bring hope, beauty, unity, and joy into yours and others life.Always allow the hope to live in your heart!”
“You know? 'Life's best gifts are free.”
“We attach to anything or anybody because we think that they make us happy. We attach to the happiness so much. On the other hand we can say that we only attach to the happiness. Not to anything else or anybody else.”
“Strong family values build strong families.”
“What is it to discover you have wings?What is it to be afraid of your wings?What is it to discover at the end of your life that you had wings and never ﬂew?What is it to ﬁnd out that you were hidden from yourself?What is it to be forgotten?Each day we are forgotten by ourselvesthrough ourselves,For we do not believe, in who we are.”
“Repeating success of the same thing is not success; if you want to be taken seriously, repeat your success or achieve bigger success doing other things.”
“Success requires patience; rushing and jumping into conclusion may adversely affect the likelihood of your success. Keep in mind, you can only harvest the grown seeds that you had planted previously.”
“There is no mystery, no formula, or no secret to success: be yourself, trust your ability, be persistent, have an iron-will, be committed, work hard (and harder), and never give up no matter how many times you fail. Failures and drawing valuable lessons from them make success inevitable, and that much more precious.”
“A failure does not make anyone a victim, and certainly you should not feel like one after your first failure. However, if you do not get up after a fall and give it another try, then you will be a real victim.”
“Emotions such as disappointments or regrets after failures may be common, but trying again and again will overcome these feelings.”
“Setting goals is a crucial step in the achievement of success, however the outcomes may be varied if you set your goals not based on what you deem important, but based on what others deem important.”
“Every risk bears with it the seeds of an opportunity: failure - success, fall - rise, and setback - come-back.”
“Throughout my life, I have not done things just because somebody deemed important; this why I am successful today.”
“Achieving quite easy things does not earn you glory, but getting right back up from the hardest fall to succeed gives you the feeling of real glory.”
“If everything was easy and life was beautiful in the absence of countless challenges and obstacles, success would have meant nothing of importance. Unfortunately, the real life today is not easy nor beautiful; there are tough challenges and never-ending obstacles; all of which and more might make you scream your head off, feel extreme frustration, or even go bananas. This is exactly why success is hard to achieve, and when you, you feel real glory.”
“No one or nothing determines your destiny, it is shaped by the consequences of all the things you do and the decisions you make.”
“Only start something if you intend to finish it, otherwise it is going to be a waste of resources.”
“If you do the right things today, you will be the right man tomorrow.”
“Instead of working hard for money, why not make money work hard for you; this way, you can have more time to enjoy life.”
“Thanks to all my sufferings, I am a man of success because of them.”
“Thanks to all my sufferings, I am a man of success today because of them.”
“No matter who you are or what you do, life is going to push you around. You just have to make it push you in the right direction.”
“You'll never end up in a museum if you spend your whole life painting fences.”
“Blaming external factors is not going to enable you to succeed in the next try because you are going to play the pointing finger game again.”
“When you are true to yourself, you know better than letting people influence your decisions to distract you from reaching your goals.”
“Success comes with the luxury of matching all your wants with all your needs.”
“Success is a rare occurrence while failure is in abundance.”
“Dare to face your competition, because running from it is associated with losers.”
“Failing with a positive attitude is a lot better than succeeding with a lousy attitude.”
“Living with a purpose in life is more fulfilling than living a rich lifestyle without a purpose.”
“Living with a purpose in life is more rewarding than living a rich lifestyle without a purpose.”
“If you want to reach the mountain top, expect to see rugged roads ahead.”
“Failing with a positive attitude is a lot better than succeeding with a lousy one.”
“The journey of the success train is from the first station to the final destination; if you plan to get off in between, you should not waste your time taking this trip.”
“The journey of success train is from the first station to the final destination; if you plan to get off in between, you should not waste your time taking this trip.”
“Humility is the true discourse of humanity.”
“You have the opportunity to practice gratitude with each breath you take.”
“The will is half of success; the other half is equally divided into skills - ten percent, commitment - ten percent, courage - ten percent, hard work - ten percent, and planning/execution - ten percent. Without the will, even everything else is provided, you are still only half successful.”
“If you want something, you must go out and get it yourself because you do not get what you want in life by demanding.”
“There is no rule that you must do great things, but whatever you do, you must do your absolute best.”
“When you get up every morning, be grateful that you are alive; most importantly have a purpose as you arise from your bed, because each day without a purpose does not really count.”
“There is no such thing as infinite number of trying to achieve success of the same thing; at some point, you must either change what you do or how you do it. Keep in mind that being stubborn about it may cost you an unbearable amount.”
“There is no such thing as infinite number of trying to achieve success of the same thing. At some point, you must either change what you do or how you do it. Keep in mind that being stubborn about it may cost you an unbearable amount.”
“When you get up every morning, be grateful that you are alive. Most importantly, have a purpose as you arise from your bed, because each day spent without a purpose does not count at all.”
“There are two sides to every risk; one side consists of success, while the other side consists of failure. In order to achieve great success, one must fail enough times.”
“Wishing is for wishers.Dreams are for dreamers.Goals are for doers.”
“Motivation begins with the hunger for an end.”
“Having fun at what you do for work is going to substantially increase the possibility of you becoming successful.”
“While success enjoys audience, failure on the other hand can't stand a witness.”
“After your first failure, the occurrence of a second failure closely depends on what you have learned from your past mistakes and whether or not you have drawn some valuable lessons.”
“If success is the peak (or the summit), or the final destination in the success journey, then failures should be treated as the stepping stones (stairs) to reach success.”
“If you do not dare, don't expect to have prosperity.”
“The great inventions would have not become a reality if their inventors listened to criticism or paid attention to people who tried to hold them back on their dreams. I advice you only share your dreams with those who think that you are extraordinary, not ordinary.”
“The great inventions would have never become a reality if their inventors listened to criticism or paid attention to people who tried to hold them back on their dreams. I advice you only share your dreams with those who think that you are extraordinary, not ordinary.”
“Encouraging others will help you achieve success, because happy people with high self-esteem and self-confidence are more willing to work harder. Also, they would do things beyond your expectations that you would have not gotten them to do by bossing them around.”
“Encouraging others will help you achieve own success. It is scientifically proven that happy people with high self-esteem and self-confidence are more willing to work harder. Happy people would do things beyond your expectations that you would have not gotten them to do by bossing them around.”
“Success is proportion to what you possess; skills, knowledge, commitment, will, and courage. And the level of your success will depend on how effectively you utilize them.”
“You cannot possibly know what gives you discomfort unless you step outside your comfort zone, this where change begins.”
“A failure gives you some ideas about challenges and obstacles in the uphill road to success, not recognizing them can be fatal.”
“You cannot possibly know what gives you discomfort unless you step outside your comfort zone, this is where change begins.”
“Success may be within reach or beyond reach, it is a matter of how you want to look at it. If you are committed with an iron will, than success will be within reach for you no matter what.”
“The definition of success differs from person to person; so if you are trying to succeed according to somebody else's definition, you may end up failing miserably.”
“Don't let things that you cannot do discourage you and hold you back from things that you can do. It would be irrational to think that one can do everything; in this line of logic, self-analysis is crucial, meaning every person must analyze his/her true capacity, examine the current skills, and determine any essential future requirements.”
“Sure you cannot move a mountain physically, but if you don't have the right mind-set, or you don't put your mind into it, you cannot possibly move even the smallest piece of stone, which is an essential step in succeeding a mountainous task.”
“Deciding what you want or who you want to be have a cost, before doing the either one, you must first decide whether you are ready and you dare to pay the price or not.”
“The newness of this day is divine.”
“The three great essentials of success are, first, try; second, try again; and third, keep trying.”
“Well-being is enough wealth.”
“Having an iron will is what separates successful people from others. Of course right skill sets, knowledge, and other essential ingredients are important but a lack in will, even if everything else is present, is going to result in a failure.”
“Somebody may beat me, but they are going to have to bleed to do it.”
“The past prepares us for the present.”
“Whoever seeks to be refreshed, must repent.”
“I sought for freedom. And found the truth.”
“Repentance leads to forgiveness of sins.”
“Accomplished people never sit around and wait for things to happen to them, they rather make things happen. More precisely, they happen to things.”
“The two common characteristics of people who repeatedly fail are hardly ever listening and never learning from past failures.”
“Achieving even little things require confidence, courage, and believing in yourself; but achieving great things is hardly possible in the absence of great failures. If you are constantly afraid of failing, unfortunately you will be confined to a mediocre performance.”
“If you have failed once and survived, you are a better person. But if you have failed many times and survived, you are a person of steel.”
“Success comes at cost, therefore the attainment of success can be viewed as an exchange, through which, you give up something to get it.”
“Yesterday is of the past, so move on. Tomorrow is of the future, which is unknown that has not happened yet. Today is what you have, which is a gift, and like any gift, it should be welcome, treated with respect, and spent wisely.”
“You can only achieve what you put your mind into. Now decide, you want to be a loser or you want to conquer the world.”
“All i need is a chance”
“Wining is a natural outcome of persistent trying which may consist of many failures.”
“Winning is a natural outcome of persistent trying which may consist of many failures.”
“People who constantly brag about their success are one-time achievers. On the other hand, people with repeated successes are humble, who hardly ever talk about their achievements.”
“You are tempted to talk about your success; moreover, you want the whole world to hear about it. But don't, keeping quiet will get people to recognize and appreciate your success more.”
“Wrong leads to wrath.”
“Success may consist of more than one failure, but the causes of which will be varied nor the same mistake will be repeated as a second time.”
“A great success usually consists of more than one failure, but the causes are varied and the same mistake will not be repeated as a second time.”
“Dare to admit to your mistakes; do not worry, we all make them. Besides, a weakness is certainly not a destiny, but rather an opportunity to improve yourself as well as to strengthen your Achilles heel.”
“Success begins with a dream; a dream of making it, and a dream of succeeding. If you strongly believe in your dream, and you are mentally as well as physically prepared to do what it takes, the success will be automatic.”
“When you associate with great people, dreamers, high achievers, inventors, entrepreneurs; you soon become like them. Conversely, when you walk with losers, liars, cheaters, or crooks; you transform into one.”
“If you think you are great and know everything, it is less likely that you will have great success.”
“Failing is not something to fear as long as you get up after you fall hard; however, you should be greatly concerned when you fall, you stay down and surrender yourself to the failure.”
“The glitter of life starts fading when you put logical equations in every aspect of it. There are some dimensions which are beyond logical equations so leave them as they are.”
“Love is a holy affection.”
“The bad is only bad if you believe it to be so.”
“Never stop loving,never stop evolving,never stop existing,never give up,never resist to changenever lie,never stop telling truth,never stop trusting,never stereotype,never judge,never cheat,never be manipulated,never be enslaved,never stop learning,never stop improving,never stop moving,never stop kicking,never stop innovating,never be shy,never conceal facts,never obstruct justice,never fight for no reason,never stop craving for knowledge,never stop keeping your head up,never stop shooting for stars,never sell yourself short,never give promises you can't keep,never stop complementing,never stop thanking,never stop appreciating life,never stop being grateful,never be dishonest,never be a loser,never stop working hard,never stop dreaming,never stop imagining,never forget your past,never think in the box,never be arrogant,never stop trying, andnever stop...”
“Life is too short, dare to enjoy every minute.Life is too short, dare to love everybody.Life is too short, dare to make best of it.Life is too short, dare to have a grateful heart.Life is too short, dare to keep smiling.Life is too short, dare to have no regrets.Life is too short, dare to have no heartbreaks.Life is too short, dare to extend hand to needy people.Life is too short, dare to fight injustice.Life is too short, dare to be all you can be.Life is too short, dare to tell the truth at all times.Life is too short, dare to see the world.Life is too short, dare to forgive and forget.Life is too short, dare to waste no time.Life is too short, dare to burn no bridges.Life is too short, dare to be more brave than weak.Life is too short, dare to prioritize things of importance.Life is too short, dare to spend your time with those who you care.Life is too short, dare to be around people who believe in you.Life is too short, dare to share your stories with others.Life is too short, dare to do things you enjoy most.Life is too short, dare to start your day with a positive attitude.Life is too short, dare to live your life with a purpose.Life is too short, dare to be surrounded by people who share your dreams.Life is too short, dare to go to places you feel most excited about.Life is too short, dare to love like there is no tomorrow.Life is too short, dare to get out of the house every day.Life is too short, dare to spend time with friends.Life is too short, dare to”
“It is easy to fail, but if you do not pay attention and learn from your mistakes, it will never be possible to succeed,”
“Even failure is worth more than never trying.”
“See, out there ! Stars are still shining on the horizon. So don't be afraid, just walk with them.”
“To define your life is to delight In your dreams.”
“If you know what you are seeking for, you shall find.”
“Sometimes we need to bend before we fly.”
“The greatest thing is to love God with all your heart.The second great thing is to love thy neighbour as yourself.”
“If you wish to prosper, seek peace.”
“The lower your body gets the higher your jump will be.”
“Is there any positive energy like enthusiasm?”
“If know what you are seeking for, you shall find.”
“Words are not merely the ashes fall down after volcano erupts, in fact they are the entire volcano in themselves.”
“The only fight worthwhile is the fight of faith.”
“Do you really love the Philippines? Then do not give money to the national workers. Do you hate the Philippines? Then give money to them. Remember how the Korean Church started about one hundred years ago? Did they have money? Even though they were poor, they sacrificed a lot and did great works.”
“Every new day is the dawn of a new grace.”
“Good works never saves a man, only grace of Faith in Son of Man.”
“The quality of life depends on ones' thought.”
“Believe in yourself is half of the success, and the other half is not fearing failure.”
“YOUR LIFE IS A GAME, YOU ARE THE PLAYER, SOCIETY IS YOUR AUDIENCE. USE YOUR MENTOR AS YOUR COACH, FOLLOW YOUR RELIGION AS YOUR GUIDANCE, MAKE USE OF OPPORTUNITIES TO LIVE YOUR LIFE AND INSPIRE THE FUTURE. YOU ARE THE WINNER, YOU ARE THE STAR AND YOU ARE THE CREATOR OF YOUR OWN DESTINY.”
“Life is too short, dare to enjoy every minute.Life is too short, dare to love everybody.Life is too short, dare to make best of it.Life is too short, dare to have a grateful heart.Life is too short, dare to keep smiling.Life is too short, dare to have no regrets.Life is too short, dare to have no heartbreaks.Life is too short, dare to extend hand to needy people.Life is too short, dare to fight injustice.Life is too short, dare to be all you can be.Life is too short, dare to tell the truth at all times.Life is too short, dare to see the world.Life is too short, dare to forgive and forget.Life is too short, dare to waste no time.Life is too short, dare to burn no bridges.Life is too short, dare to be more brave than weak.Life is too short, dare to prioritize things of importance.Life is too short, dare to spend your time with those who you care.Life is too short, dare to be around people who believe in you.Life is too short, dare to share your stories with others.Life is too short, dare to do things you enjoy most.Life is too short, dare to start your day with a positive attitude.Life is too short, dare to live your life with a purpose.Life is too short, dare to be surrounded by people who share your dreams.Life is too short, dare to go to places you feel most excited about.Life is too short, dare to love like there is no tomorrow.Life is too short, dare to get out of the house every day.Life is too short, dare to spend time with friends.Life is too short, dare to...you fill the blank.”
“Where there is compassion, there exist good cheer.”
“You are successful in my book if you do what you love for a living; you do not owe money to anyone; you have a place what you call home; you have a wife/husband, a girlfriend/boyfriend, or a partner who loves and respects you; and most importantly, you are surrounded by friends and loved ones who stand by you in good and bad days.”
“Success is not something that can be aimed; in fact, success is a natural outcome after so many unintended failures. You will be eventually successful if you believe in yourself, trust your intuition, do not fear failures, and let it happen without dwelling too much on "should have" "could have" and "would have". If you value every experience (good or bad) and draw lessons from it, your success will be assured in the long-run. Do yourself a favor, forget about the target, just do your best and allow things to take their natural course. Conversely, if you make the process of achieving success a target shooting, you are going to miss it, and miss it by far. After each miss, if getting it right becomes an obsession for you, then the overall result might be fatal.”
“Rowing against the current or running against the wind is not going to make you a successful person because success is achieved with minimum efforts but maximum gain.”
“You will have more opportunities to succeed if you spend less time to criticize others but more time to improve yourself.”
“Success is not something you can measure by the amount of money made or wealth created. No need to use special metaphors, it is rather simple, real success is what difference you have made in this world, forget the millions or billions you have made for yourself. There are more than seven billion people in this world, but we only remember and never forget those who unselfishly devoted their lives to add value so that the future can be a better place.”
“She fulfills every purpose while touching the sky.  Can anything ever stop her fly?”
“There is a war inside you begging for peace. I pray you find your strength.”
“Burst the Anguish Within!Allow it to pierce every nerve deep in your skin.”
“When you accept things as they are, you allow yourself to make choices, that will help create the change you seek.”
“Impossibility is a word, she left far behind, for her life has been perfectly designed.”
“I CREATE my OWN DREAMS!I alone have the POWER to DESTROY or FULFILL them”
“În fiecare dimineață, în Africa, o gazelă se trezește. Ea știe că trebuie să alerge mai repede decât cel mai rapid leu sau va fi ucisă. În fiecare dimineață, în Africa, se trezește un leu. El știe că trebuie să o întreacă pe cea mai înceată gazelă sau va muri de foame. Tot ce conteaza este sa înțelegi ca tu ești leul și tot tu ești gazela și când soarele apare, ar fi bine să alergi!”
“You alone can create the change you seel. But how? By accepting things as they are, you allow yourself to make apt choices.”
“Pursue your transformation from a place of freedom and peace.”
“Answers you seek are inside you! YOU are the Answer”
“Achieving success is not easy nor it is final, but sustaining one prolonged is a lot harder. Remember the road to success is often an uphill battle with many obstacles, along the way, you may fail more than once in this horrendous journey before reaching the summit. Keep in mind, none of the failures is fatal as long as you have the courage to get up after each fall, shake the dust off, and try even harder in your next attempt. After all, the process and the iron-will to continue counts more than the actual achievement of success.”
“Now I was laughing. I was still scared, but it was somehow comforting to think that maybe stage fright was a trait [even my parents had]..."But seriously, how do you get over the jitters?"Dad was still smiling, but I could tell he had turned serious because he slowed down his speech. "You don't. You just work through it. You hang in there."So I went on.”
“Know your limits, but don't be afraid to set the bar a little higher each time so that eventually you will be unlimited.”
“Dear, Rich Indian,Please pardon me If I hurt your humanity. Don’t dare to think that, people respect you, for the brand you wear? If people respect you, it means they respect you for your individuality not because the brand you wear. So, before showoff, your brand name, just remember the brand from which you born… because at the end of the day... it’s the only thing that matters.”
“Our health is the greatest Treasure. We must make taking care of it a Priority.”
“Dare to be positive even when everything is falling apart.Dare to smile even when you start your worst day.Dare to fight for justice even when you are surrounded by injustice. Dare to try even when you have failed more than once.Dare to stand up for who you are even when nobody believes in you.Dare to get up and shake off the dust even when people constantly beat you down.Dare to continue even when you have no courage.Dare to find hope even when the future seems bleak.Dare to to give it one more try even when you are extremely tired.Dare to be stronger even when the earth is crashing down on you.Dare to love again even when you have been cheated.Dare to help others even when you are in need of help.Dare to extend a hand to needy people even when you were alone during hard times.Dare to be generous in giving even when you have not much to give.Dare to feel good about yourself even when you think you have not done well.Dare to be confident even when people around you are on the constant lookout to bring you down.Dare to care for people even when no one cares for you.Dare to be grateful even when you have lost everything.Dare to be the first to thank even when people owe you thanks.Dare to share your stories even when you feel they are not worth to share. Dare to be best even when you are surrounded by so much negativity.”
“Clock teaches us an important lesson of our lives... No it's NOT just Time-Keeping but Keep Going. No matter what the time is learn the art of moving on! To Our Good in Good Life”
“He knew yours and my name before we were ever born.”
“Successful business people are vital in any society, but successful people who add value are the cradle of great civilizations.”
“If there were formula for success, mathematicians would have definitely held the top spot in the world's richest list.”
“Failures are onions, peppers, olive oil, tomatoes, oregano, and other spices; without these, certainly you cannot make your favorite meal. In this line of logic, failures would be the necessary ingredients to make success deliciously tasty.”
“Successful people cannot stand being alone because they always want to see people happy for them.”
“You can have all A's in life, but whether they make you a successful person or not depends on what you make of those A's. Book-smart people or students with a 4.0 grade point average may not turn into entrepreneurs nor successful business people.”
“Don't waste your time working on something that is not going to transform into anything. If you insist on moving a mountain, you are not going to move it by pinching small stones.”
“If perfection is your goal, the end result may be a failure; no matter how much or how hard you try, you will never achieve true perfection because it does not exist. Instead, you should absolutely try your best and leave everything else to unfold in its natural course.”
“You are successful because you had people believe in you; similarly, you are unsuccessful because you had no friend who believed in you.”
“If you want to get ahead in life, you do less talking and do more working.”
“If you think you know everything, you will be proven time after time that you only know very little. The right amount of confidence is a condiment for success, but overconfidence can be damaging, and fatal when it is coupled with ignorance and a big ego.”
“If you want to accomplish something, you must get out and make things happen. Sitting on your ass will only make the clock move but nothing else, then failure is sure because the time spent unproductively or unprofitably can only lead to disappointment, and lots of it.”
“Success is not something you can measure by the amount of money made or wealth created. No need to use special metaphors, it is rather simple, real success is what difference you have made in this world, forget the millions or billions you have made for yourself. There are more than seven billion people in this world, but we only remember and never forget those who unselfishly devoted their lives to added value so that the future can be a better place.”
“Be proud of your actions. Be proud of your attempts. Be proud of all the times you have tried to succeed. Be proud of your failures. Any attempt, if you put effort into it, is worth pride, win or lose.”
“We need to stop doing the things we feel obligated to do and start doing the things we want to do.”
“There is a flame, a flame that shines inside of you. Let your flame out. Let your flame illuminate the darkness. There is never true darkness in the following of your dreams. Follow your passion. Set fire to your world with your passion.”
“Today is going to be a good day, not because the events that occur will change, but because I will change the way I view this day.”
“Strength is not to live without pain. Strength is to live with the pain, to accept your pain, to acknowledge your pain, and strive to move past it, not to run from it. There is no honour in never having felt pain through avoidance. Face the pain and conquer it.”
“Some moments cannot be changed; they must be experienced, lived through, and accepted. We can live always looking to the future, to the better times or we can live now, accept the moment and, maybe, even find the enjoyment. Our moments are to be lived at this time and if we’re always looking beyond our time, we never truly experience our life. Though your times may be hard, I encourage you to find the joy in the moment, to live now.”
“Expose yourself to new situations not necessarily because you will enjoy them but because you will learn and grow from them. There are always benefits to experiencing in life, the good experiences and the bad. Expose yourself to the world.”
“In life, you can live with love or you can live with hate, the choice is yours.”
“There is within each of us the ability to create, to create beauty in this world. You have the ability to make this world a beautiful place. You can create. Try.”
“There is no failure in loss. To lose means you have tried and anytime you try you succeed. Even in loss you succeed, you succeed by learning, by attempting, by being bold enough to follow your dreams. There is no winning in never having tried.”
“Your emotions mirror the emotions of those around you. Surround yourself with hateful people and you will find yourself hateful. Surround yourself with nervous people and you too will be nervous. If you surround yourself with loving people you will be a loving person too. Our environment affects us all far more than we admit but, fortunately, we can change our environment to one that pleases us. Be brave enough to live with love, surrounded by love.”
“There is no path better suited for you to walk than your own. And there is no person better suited to walk your path than you. You are on your perfect path.”
“Dream your dreams into reality. Dream big.”
“Never let an opportunity be lost to you.”
“There is no benefit in being the same, the same as everyone around you or the same as your past self. For life to grow, we must grow beyond our previous limits, beyond the limits that others have set for us. We are meant to be constantly changing, to be an original being in this world, existing only as ourselves.”
“You may not be able to give away your heart but you can give away the space in it.”
“The only way to lose with certainty is to choose to quit. If you never quit, you can never fail.”
“There is greatness to be found in each and every one of us. Thrive on the idea that your uniqueness can and will change the world.”
“Your beauty is in your differences not your similarities. Be yourself, share your quirks. The world does not improve when everyone acts the same, the world improves when people act as their unique self.”
“You cannot be loving if you cannot love yourself. Love begins internally and extends outward.”
“In each moment is a choice. You can choose to be good or to be bad. To be active or inactive in the pursuit of dreams. A choice to change your life or to stay where you are. There is always a choice to be made.”
“All that happens to us, allows us to grow. Every experience, good or bad, changes you, makes you a better person.”
“The one person who always needs to believe in you is you.”
“All good things start within, at the first good thought, the first good feeling. It all begins within you. Your heart, mind, and soul are filled with the possibility of a better world. Open yourself up to the possibility.”
“If you want good to happen you have to believe in your ability to make it so. You need to believe in yourself. You have the ability to create good.”
“We are all under the same sky, gazing up to the same moon, feeling the same air. We are all existing here together. Exist peacefully.”
“Promise to honour your heart. Let your intentions always be for the betterment of yourself.”
“It is an honour to see someone living as their true-self, someone living without fear of other people’s opinions. Act as you are, you honour the world with your presence.”
“Hate nothing or no one. Hatred makes you blind to see the real beauty in things or people. When you live your life through hate, your heart will get heavier by the increasing number of engraved ill feelings that in turn will make your brain process only actions of odium.”
“I had my share of struggle, but I cannot complain because I owe my success to the years of struggle.”
“Stop being afraid to be who you are. There is no reason that you must live up to some sort of societal expectation. Be who you are without fear of rejection. Be the one who accepts you.”
“There is happiness to be found in your life when you realize the value you hold in the world. You are valuable. Your presence contributes to society.”
“Health is not defined simply by a lack of illness. Health includes laughter, love, and positivity. Mental health, physical health, and soul health. Being in health is to be in a positive state of well-being on all levels.”
“You can only do as much as you think you can. If you are brave enough to dream, anything will become possible.”
“You need to remember why you started. What gave you the boost of passion that drove you to begin? What told your mind that you could indeed do anything that you set your mind to? Find the source of your passion. When you want to end, remember your beginnings. There was a reason you started and that will be the reason why you finish. Find your passion. Remember the beginning. You started and now you must finish. You can do it. You believed it once and you will believe it again.”
“Before you can begin to change you must accept yourself. Accept your flaws. Accept your strengths. Work with yourself instead of against. Change begins with an internal unification.”
“Sometimes you get tired. Sometimes you need a break. When you feel you can’t go on take a rest. Just be prepared to start again. Don’t lie to yourself and allow stagnation. Foster honesty. Find honesty within yourself and feel guilt free when you truly need to take a break.”
“Learn to live with high standards for yourself. Don’t live for anything less than you deserve. This is your life and you should be living it as such. Live your best life don’t settle.”
“What has held me back yesterday will raise me up today.”
“Everyone should be comfortable in their own skin. Of course, no one has any right to feel above the world around them but everyone needs to realize that every person, including you, brings value to the world. There is greatness to be found in each and every one of us. Thrive on the idea that your uniqueness can and will change the world.”
“Every action creates your legacy. All your good and bad actions will impact the world, the universe even. I choose to create a legacy of love, peace, and prosperity for now and for ever.”
“Do not discredit any emotion simply because it is unfavorable. There is a reason for sadness, anger, and fear. Do not act to remove an entire emotion from your life just because it hurts you sometimes. Sadness allows you to recover, to brainstorm for the future, to let you see the true beauty of happiness. Anger keeps us from getting hurt, fuels our passion, and instigates self-change. Fear protects us, motivates action, and guides us in havocked times.Our vocabulary of emotions is there for a reason. We need balance. We need happy times and sad times. The good and the bad. Instead of fighting within yourself, release, calm, and examine your emotions. If you are feeling an undesirable emotion, investigate the cause and find a solution. Use your negative emotions to encourage a time for change. Work with yourself, not against.”
“Do not refuse to live life simply out of fear.”
“So many times you’ve said tomorrow I’ll start, tomorrow I’ll change. Well, tomorrow has past and tomorrow has become yesterday. You said you want to start so start. Don’t let your future slip away and become your past. Take control and live now.”
“Our perfection is found in our imperfection.”
“Never quit. You can take breaks, you can pause, you can stop for a little while but never turn back, never give up. As long as you are moving forward, you are making progress, no matter your speed.”
“Your body is not a reflection of your present mind it is a reflection of your past. In maintaining a positive mind you will find that your body mirrors that mindset. The body finds healing when balanced with a positive foundation.”
“Stop the excuses. Stop the lies. Your beliefs on why you can’t get started are falsity. You have all the power that you allow yourself to have. Believe you can and you will find the ability.”
“Maybe the meaning of life is simply to find meaning, to find the beauty, to find the joy, to find your happiness.”
“The emotions you allow yourself to spread are the emotions that will return from the world. Spread hate and you will find your life filled with hate. Spread love and you will find your life filled with love. Let love fill your heart.”
“There is always a battle within you; a battle between your demons and your angels. You are always at war with yourself, to find the light while darkness encroaches on you. Unfortunately, this is a battle we all must face, to choose whether we will be good or bad. The most important step is choosing a side. You must choose to live in the light if you wish to remain there. You must tell yourself, every day that your life, your self will be good. You must tell yourself that you will find the light, the love, the beauty, and the joy. Believe you will find the light and so you will.”
“All your choices have brought you to this point in your life and all your future choices will bring you to your next points. Make the best choices you can when you can.”
“You will find that there is a struggle to find your dreams. The struggle is to find a way past your fear, your discomfort, anything that makes you hold yourself back, in the pursuit of your dreams. There will always be a struggle in life and through that struggle is success.”
“You don’t live life looking at your feet, you live with your head held high looking for future opportunities. When you spend your life looking at the ground, looking at your misfortune, you miss out on all the beauty around you. Unless bad times are staring you straight in the face choose to enjoy the good in your life. Choose to see the good in your life not the bad.”
“Accept every moment as it comes.”
“What you want, what you desire is not found outside yourself. While it may appear that happiness, peace, and success must be pursued, travelled to, or found, the truth is that everything is within you already. To gain what you want, you must peer inside your soul to the deepest of your abilities.There are two ways of looking at this: people find their happiness through the pursuit of life or people pursue life because they are happy. I believe that to truly be happy on a real, not superficial, level you must find your honesty. You must begin to communicate openly and truthfully with yourself. There is a curtain of lies, fear, anger, and sadness that must be pulled away from the window of your soul to reveal a way of living that is true to you.There is no need to do what you think you must to be happy. Everyone is different and it is your job to live in your own way, not in other people’s ways. Sure, you can travel, sing, dance, and party but you don’t have to. I stress that you don’t have to do anything unless you want to. 'Should' is the word that destroys lives. I should do this. I should do that. No! Act in the ways you WANT to act. I want to do something and so I will, not I should to that and so I might.”
“Laugh, Love, Play.This life is meant to be enjoyed.”
“Fear will be present in your life for as long as you allow it to be.”
“Fear establishes itself when you begin to doubt your ability. Believe you are capable and you will find that you have no fear.”
“If you listen more, you will judge less; and when you judge less, you will appreciate differences; and you will be more happy.”
“Then fire rained down into the souls of the passionate, melting the ice that had kept them frozen in fear. The fire that now shone out from their hearts led the way for the lost. The light lit the darkness, empowering all those who could see. Fuel the fire.”
“There is no reason that you need to adhere to other people’s standards of how you should be. No one ever created something new by doing what everyone else was doing. Create your own life.”
“Sometimes, you don’t need a reason, you can simply act out of passion. Do what makes your heart happy.”
“There is no point in wallowing as this life is as happy as you allow it to be.”
“Nurture your soul.”
“Everyone, at some point in their life, is going to make a mistake, in fact, many of you probably already have. Unfortunately, there is no fix for mistakes, no going back, no changing the past. There is only moving on and forgiving yourself. Take with you the lessons from your mistakes and live well knowing that you have made the best of the situation, you have learned, you have grown. If you grow after a mistake, it is no longer a mistake but rather a helpful pointer telling you to try again a different way. Forgive yourself, you are trying your best.”
“Stand up for yourself. Do not let anyone, including yourself, limit your experience of life.”
“Success is found in living the life of your dreams. Be happy and you will live with success.”
“Without confidence, there is no courage.”
“Scars will hardly go away but with time they'll fade”
“If you are constantly afraid of being left alone, you will never dare to tell people around you the truth. Thus through a pretend life filled with deception, you will never dare to stand up for who you are and what you believe in.”
“It is up to you; you can either let your fears take control over your life or let your dreams take you to places where you can do and be anything you have ever wanted.”
“Not all problems cause unhappiness, some problems may give you a rare opportunity to discover your hidden abilities to deal with them effectively to lead to happiness.”
“Self-analysis and being grateful for what you have is a crucial step in the pursuit of your goals. If you are not only unaware but also ungrateful of the skills you already have, you may not be happy even if you achieve some of your goals by chance.”
“Ambition, iron-will, compassion, and commitment are the prerequisites for success; without them, you start, finish, or win nothing.”
“Change begins as soon as you step outside your comfort zone.”
“Not trying is worse than the fear of failure.”
“Rise from the bed with a smile on your face, a positive attitude, and a plan to make your day worthwhile.”
“True humility is fearless honesty.”
“No Moses, Buddha, Christ, Mohammed, Nanak, Plato, Socrates or Naskar can give you liberty. No Bible, Vedas, Quran, Republic, Meditations, Analects or Principia Humanitas can give you liberty. You need to get it yourself, or else it's not true liberty.”
“You don't have to prove anything to anyone. So just be the bigger person and don't let the jealous emotions of someone else play havoc on your life. Plain and simple, don't play their games. Keep things to yourself. And Last, show them their comments and digs don't bother you. Once they realize that you are not competing, they will move on to someone else who will.”
“Every man and woman has their own gift and can move in the spirit with that gift.”
“Initially, inspiration can come from anywhere but to sustain inspiration one must take actions immediately before it fades away.”
“Why are you not serious my friend? Why aren't you? Being serious is not something negative. Being serious means being responsible for what happens in our society - because we are our society – the society is us. The society is the collective expression of us humans - each one of us. You, me, everyone - is responsible for our actions - for our conditions - for our reality - for our truth.”
“Teaching, is spiritual procreation! We must strive to spread knowledge and hand it down. For it is the ultimate goal of humanity.”
“I would rather traverse the valleys of a thousand hells than live a day without desire.”
“The life which you live according to others' ways, expectations, and opinions can never be the life of your dreams.”
“You cannot move a mountain if you haven't already moved countless small hills.”
“Let the darkness be a chance to shine your inner light.”
“There is no point in reliving your past, day after day, moment after moment. Look back only to smile at the beautiful moments and to review past life lessons. There is no benefit found in reliving your pain. There is no benefit found in punishing yourself. Your mistakes are with you forever and if you choose to hate them, they will haunt you for the rest of time. Live with your mistakes; they are a part of you now.”
“Like everyone else, you want to learn the way to win, but never to accept the way to lose, to accept defeat, to learn to die is to be liberated from it. So when tomorrow comes, you must free your ambitious mind, and learn the art of dying.”
“Your perspective of life may be a finite one, but you are neither finite nor limited! Refuse to live with guilt or regret. Refuse to see yourself as not good enough. you are totally sufficient in your health, wealth, citizenship &amp; abundance.”
“The best you that you can be is the one that you dream of being every day. You can’t be the best if you are living as someone else’s dream. To be the best you, live as your best self.”
“Do the good you can because kindness ripples through the world and, eventually, it ripples back to you.”
“Having hope is half the battle. Without hope, there is no battle to win, no place to go. Without hope, you stay where you are forever.”
“Happiness does not exist outside of oneself; it is within. When we look at others it appears as though we will find it by doing what they do, having what they have, but in truth, they themselves have found happiness within, in their own personal way. Find happiness inside.”
“Perfection only limits us. Our imperfection makes us limitless. We have infinite opportunity to grow and expand, a power which we do not find in perfection. Let the fact that you are limitless empower you, not hold you down.”
“Those who follow their heart create a better world.”
“Moving forward requires letting go. You can't move forward if you cannot let go; so forgive yourself and others, start a fresh page and don't be afraid of taking risks. After all, life is too short to be wasting on things that add absolutely no value.”
“You have to invest to get something best! ”
“Criticism is another way of appreciation. So when people criticise you don't get upset, just boost yourself and do better.”
“Education ought to teach us not only how to make a living from a qualification but also how to survive beyond the qualification”
“Many have failed to pen down their own scripts in preference to reading the summary of other people’s writings and subsequently running their lives on a summarized manual of life”
“Overcoming a hurdle in life is your victory today, and victory for others to whom you become the source of guidance”
“Nothing in life is more fulfilling than helping others to change for the better”
“You never get second chances on first experiences.”
“Having constant fears gives nonstop opportunity to people to push you around. But having constant dreams gives nonstop opportunity as well as imagination to create and lead people around you.”
“History is not made every day because it takes extraordinary people to create history, who have an iron will and not afraid of taking risks.”
“Well, think about it if you must. And then just say yes.”
“There’s no lonelier feeling than when a crowd of people is staring at you and there’s nowhere to hide. But you know what you do? You take your lumps and then give it another shot the next time. A better shot. That’s all you can do.”
“When you live your life for other people, they have own stories to tell; but when you begin to live your life and do what you like regardless of what everyone else might think, you now have many exciting stories to tell.”
“There are moments to be loved in every day, moments to laugh, moments to smile. Every day can be a time for happiness. Find it within you, find it outside of you, happiness can be found if we look for it.”
“Happiness is a momentary illusion created by momentary neurochemical impulses. Contentment on the other hand, is not a momentary impulse, it is a broader and much more complicated cognitive apparatus, that puts things in perspective in a unique manner, without making you overwhelmed with momentary emotional impulses.”
“Change starts within each and every one of us. We are teachers of love.”
“Everyone is trying their best. Think about it, who would be trying their worst. Give the world some slack, give yourself some slack. Every single person in this world is trying to do their best with what they have, with what they know. Of course, some actions are misguided but to each action, there is a reason. If you want a better world, you can’t hate bad actions; you must teach the world to act with love. Act as a living, breathing example of the good in the world.”
“A man needs his experience in order to be educated.”
“Live with your dreams.”
“The moment of miracles surrounds us in every day endeavour,”
“You shouts must be loud, to start connivance of the UNIVERSE in achieving your Dreams.”
“The knowledge of salvation alone can save your soul.”
“Our enslavement to distraction inhibits our action.”
“Focus not on the outcome of success but instead on the foundation of success. Train yourself with values of love, integrity, patience, courage, and compassion.”
“You can’t stop me. No one can stop me. Nothing will hold me back. I am free from the hold of fear. This is my time, the time, to live as if nothing limits me. I am without limits. I can do whatever I set my mind to.”
“There is nothing that you need to add to your soul to make it complete; you are complete. You may have fallen apart a bit but your soul has lost nothing, all the pieces are still there. Mend yourself with the healing actions of love. Put your soul back together, wrap it tightly in love, and live on. You are complete. You are perfect in your own way.”
“Let your life be a life of love. Live with love, embody love, simply be love.”
“Obstacles are only there to train us for the future. Every roadblock that we overcome, every closed door that we pass, every difficulty that crosses our path gives us the strength to live our best life. Think of your difficulties as training for your success. Get to work on training your best self for the best life.”
“Greatness is out there if only we were willing to find it.”
“Inside of you, inside of every person, is the potential to better the world. Realize your potential.”
“Thankfully, the only thing we need to create a happy life is a willing mind. We all have a mind but are we willing? Are you willing to change your mind, your thoughts, your ways of life in order to create the best life for yourself?”
“The beginning is found in holding hope. Envision it. Envision your desires. Could it be? Could this be your future? Indeed, it can be if only you have the hope. See the truth of your dreams. The only way to begin is with a heart filled with hope for the future.”
“Maybe we need to give life a chance, for it is just waiting to be beckoned.”
“There is a magic in love that you find nowhere else. It is magical, truly magical when you begin to live with love in all its aspects. A life of love is a life of magic. Love the magic.”
“What a strange thing to say that life is boring when life is so filled with adventure. How can anything in life be boring when we haven’t even experienced all of life yet. There is so much adventure left for us to find. Honour the adventure. Boredom only insults the gifts you have been given in life.”
“In order to reap the crops of success, you must plant the seeds of positive thoughts. Growth begins within, before action, in the mind with your thoughts. With positive thoughts come positive actions and with positive actions comes a positive life. Start your journey within yourself.”
“Spend some time looking over the day, examine what went wrong and what went well. Study your life and begin to implement more of the good and less of the bad. Fill your life with what you want and what you need, everything else can be thrown into the wind.”
“The past has power only when we give it power. The past is gone, done, never coming back. If you think about it, the past only exists as a figment. The past no longer exists. To stress over past faults, failures, regrets, is to stress over a fearful imagination. The past is now only a creation of your mind. Stop letting your imagination ruin your life. Stop the regrets. Stop the pain.”
“Change will not come from waiting; change comes from action. If you want change, make change. Don’t sit around waiting for change to show up in your life.”
“What is the central focus in your life? Is it a focus in love or in hate? A focus in the good or in the bad? What does your mind wander to in the quiet hours of the night? Change the way you focus on your life. Instead of focusing on your stress, sadness, and angry choose to focus on your peace, joy, and happiness.”
“Encourage your own greatness.”
“Every action has an effect on the future. Whatever you are doing, good, bad, or neutral, affects the life you have to come. Choose to make your actions work for your betterment in the future. It all starts here.”
“Stop waiting for life to show up. You don’t live life by waiting for it to come to you; you live through actions. You want to travel? Then travel. You want to write? Then write. You want to live? Then live. Your life is in no one’s hands but your own. If you want to do something, no one is stopping you except yourself. There isn’t going to be a perfect moment, time, or opportunity: there is only now. You’ve been waiting for a sign? Here it is: to truly live, you actually have to participate. Get up and get going. Now.”
“If you want success, you have to accept that results won’t be instantaneous. Everything good takes time to form. Give yourself a chance, a chance to succeed. A single right action won’t be life changing. Make your success a habit not just an act of whim. Try and try again. As long as you haven’t quit, you haven’t failed.”
“With hope, anything becomes a possibility and with none everything is impossible.”
“The reason to change is not because you are inadequate but instead because you deserve to live your best life. Your life is not a reflection of what you truly can achieve; it is a reflection of what you think you can achieve. You are not inept; you believe you are inept. We must stop believing the lies that are told in our heads and begin to accept that we can do anything that we believe we can.”
“The champions of today were once or twice defeated, to be defeated once does not mean that you are a failure. You only become a failure when you cannot strive further. To win all the time is to loose all the time; for you cannot always win.”
“There is no cure of my illness other than loving you more.”
“O Lord of lights!Will you fill my heart with joy?That I can dance every day in your love.O Lord of stars!Will you fill my soul with love?That I can cry every day in your love.O Lord of heavens!Will you fill my mind with thoughts?That I can write songs every day in your love.O Lord of love!Will you fill my spirit with courage?That I can die every day in your love.O Lord of day and night!Will you fill my breath with life?That I can live every day in your love.O Lord of all lords!Will you fill me with you?That I can be you every day in your love.”
“For he who is a real renunciant, God becomes his servant.”
“Don't Let Your Life Experiences Destroy You,Put Them On Paper.WriteA Book With Every Breathe,Every Tear,Help Others Through Your Experiences.Every Chapter In Your Life Has An Ending,So Does A Week.”
“You have to Dream first, every morningachievable or not is a Second thought.”
“At dawn, we awake to new dreams, new times, a new life. Each day is a time to start again, a blank slate to fill with daily wishes, daily dreams. Each day is a new life with new opportunity to be whoever we want to be.”
“A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.”
“You are the most important person in your life. You are a mentor, a motivator, a shoulder to cry on, a best friend. You have the power, within yourself, to be whatever you want and need to be. Love every part of you, every part that has helped you along the way. Be thankful for all the love and support you have received from yourself in your lifetime. You are the most important person that you will ever meet in this lifetime.”
“The love you send into the world, you will find, is the love that returns to you.”
“We can be good or bad, in part or in whole, it is simply our choice. It is our choice to live with love or to live with hate, to live as the good or to live as the bad, to live in passion or to live in despair. Our life, our action, is our choice to make. We decide, with no one else to blame whether we will be good or we will be bad. Choose your actions wisely.”
“Break the cycle of your damaged life. The only way to make a better life is to change the rhythm through which you live your life. A change in the way you act, the way you think, the way you live is the only way to exist in a better life.”
“Trust. Trust that everything will be alright. Trust that you have the strength to overcome your demons. Trust in life. Trust in yourself. Everything is going to be fine.”
“Life would be much comfortable if we get what we wish.”
“Little pieces of heaven, of perfection, surround every piece of the world. This greatness is a dust so fine that you must tune your mind to find it. But when you can see, see the pieces of perfection, you will find that every being, every object in this world has a little piece of heaven in it, good in the most unlikely places. Find the beauty in everything, everyone in this world, including yourself.”
“When I first discovered the world of paper flower crafts, I was immediately excited and quickly consumed with all the possibilities.”
“The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them.”
“My hope for you is not only to learn skills through this collection of projects, but also that it brings you a little something more: happy vibes when you transform pieces of paper into impressive works of art for yourself or loved ones.”
“Life doesn't gives us options. We give life options”
“Sky at night shows how vast the universe is, beyond the limit, filled with exuberant bodies, always evoking incertitude purpose of existense and one's identity, then i realize, im just a soul with no identity living a character in limitless scenes.”
“The Best Way To Make Your Dreams Come True is To Wake Up”
“Staying inside your comfort zone will not get you to do anything differently, this way you will not grow personally or professionally.”
“The only way of discovering your true capacity is doing impossible things that you've never imagined possible.”
“Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.”
“Faith is sure hope.”
“Real success lies in the realization that you have control over what you can do. Paying attention to things that you have no control of is absolutely waste of time.”
“You cannot judge anyone's decision for the sake of your happiness.”
“Dust accumulated on the book has no power to change its story.”
“Fear is like a poison; it will not necessarily kill you, but the prolonged and recurring fear not only will paralyze your mind but it will force you to withdraw yourself from the public eye.”
“You want to know what gets on my nerves? When people say 'you can't be a Christian because you're LGBT+, or you used to be a Muslim/Hindu/atheist/pretty much anything else really'. The reason people say those things is because we believe doing so is sinning, but haven't we all sinned? Aren't we all in the same boat, at the mercy of the storm raging outside? If so, why keep to ourselves in what we think is the safest corner, but the whole boat sinks nonetheless? Every sin, whether it's stealing a cookie from the cookie jar to murdering and robbing an innocent child is sin. Even if you have never done any wrong, except did one thing, isn't your soul still poisoned, still doomed to being a sinner? Why must we separate ourself because we believe we are 'righteous', when in doing so we simply dirty ourselves in sinful dust even more so, yet continue to believe ourselves better then anyone else? If you don't think you are worthy, or can possibly be righteous, well, I'm afraid your not on track. The only reason we are even not-dead-yet is because a perfect soul died after never sinning, Jesus payed the price we so selfishly went into debt for because we wanted temporary satisfaction and worthless paper called money. If we have all been called to be clean, why must we refuse this and say others are dirty, when if that's true we are dirty as well ourselves? We sink the boat we are on to see others drown, yet in the process we drown ourselves. We have been selfish, lazy, prideful, and sinful, every one of is, and yet are so blind we cannot even see the great light that calls us to be clean and perfect. There is no such thing as too far gone, so why do we say others are too far gone yet set the bar lower for ourselves? Are we more perfect, more righteous, more forgiven then people who don't know God as well as we do? Surely not! If we know God, instead of keeping him to ourselves we are quite clearly instructed to give freely in the Bible, and yet we refuse to do so for the sake of our sinful pride. Why do we not reach down, and get our knees dirty to help the poor? What is stopping us from going that extra mile, from giving more then you have, from reaching out with the great news of the savior? We are too prideful, we don't want our silken robes to get muddy in someone else's sin even when they're already disgusting in ours. We tell ourselves we're are too tired to walk the extra mile, yet powerful enough to strike down the needy and ones in poverty. We are too greedy, we would rather keep the Savior to ourselves then give it, even though in giving you get even more. What right do we have to choose who should come with us into heaven? What heavenly authority gave us the power to say 'you sin, you cannot come to heaven', even though we sinners think we can when there is no difference between us? Any one can truly believe, there is no 'special requirement' to be a Christian other then to know God exists (well, duh you didn't need to tell us that) and to know you are a sinner and to try to not sin, even though we all fail miserably at that, and to love God with all your heart and soul and mind, and to love your neighbor as much as God loves them. (No, autocorrect is not a human, I hate it too). There is no human on earth who is perfect, if you believe yourself to be so you are even more wrong then before. If there is anyone reading this, who is suicidal or LGBT+ and have been bullied or just don't know, trust me, there is nothing, NOTHING preventing you from believing except for your own will. I don't know if this is a quote or a rant ;;”
“with limits, you have to know which ones you are supposed to accept, and which ones you must surpass. Do not waste your time trying to find the knowledge of the universe, that is Gods place and you cannot surpass it. Do spend time getting better at what you are good at and trying out what you are bad at. Limits are either for protection, or for shattering. There is no 'in between'. If there was, I highly doubt the world would be like it is today.”
“I have the desire, you have the desire, but in what way does our desire manifest? Why are we choosing to let that desire, that energy, fade away without a second thought? We need to be fueling our life with the desire we feel in our hearts, instead of letting that energy to slip away. Use your energy to improve your life, improve the world, improve every little thing that crosses your path. You have the power, all within you, to change every aspect of your life.”
“Nothing is perfect, so trying to be one will only make you become more vulnerable to mistakes.”
“Be passionate about life and live it to its fullest as though you are taking your last breath.”
“Have courage, take risks, and don't be afraid of failing; these are the main ingredients of creating change that you want to see take place in this world.”
“Being yourself is the best thing you can do to yourself because living in the shadow of others serves you no good.”
“I know it sounds abysmal…” he chuckled at the mere thought of it, “but I just want to be happy and content”“Do you not dream big? Do you not want to travel?”Kalki rounded his arms around his little brother. “Perhaps I chose not to. Perhaps big doesn’t always matter. It’s also the little things, specks of happiness that we go through in a day that we should look out for. It’s funny how grief makes you realize the good things you have overlooked in life”
“Hey friend, don’t you dare forget, as you’re creating a new you, that there’s a whole lot about the old you that is worth keeping.”
“The biggest inspiration for a great future is a bad past.”
“You cannot feel connected with others when you have disconnected from yourself.”
“Do not beat yourself up for what you did or did not do. That will only bruise you and break you and make you less able to live the life you want. You can’t change the past, and you can’t control the future, but you can sure as hell contribute to the quality of your today.”
“The best knowledge is to be kind.”
“Every giant tree started its life journey being a Seed. Seed your mind today with beautiful thoughts and it will grow into a tree of wisdom”
“With faith in God, we shall overcome any situation.”
“A Break-up isn't the end of the world,I am not the only one dealing with it,Billions have has a break-up,Trillions are yet to have it.You had a life before that, Now that you no longer are tied to anyone anymoreGO FIND THAT LIFE BACK.”
“Why fit in someones equation when you can create your own theorem.”
“It is not your fans or your customers’ job to market you. Stop treating them like it is.”
“Live in the STATE of your ultimate life vision”
“Thy faith shall be thy solid foundation.”
“Every wicked act makes a man weak.”
“If you really want to be something then at first try to be at least. But don't try to be at most in the first step.”
“Life is not about how much you are earning, life is about how you are living.”
“Maybe you can't change the world, but you can change your world.”
“If you pray, your path shall be clear.”
“The Shortest Success Mantra for this short life is Move out from your Comfort zone into your Action zone.”
“The original meaning of the word resolution means to “break into parts.” Think about that as you make your New Year’s resolutions. Break the big ones down. Break the little ones down. Every step is a victory. Don’t you dare wait until the finish line to celebrate. Life happens along the journey, not just at the finish line.”
“Following our dreams and giving authority to the imaginal being within us to steward our lives may be just the action required to create personal success and the better world we imagine. We need your full participation.”
“Here’s a good reason to never think of yourself as a VICTIM: the origin of the word comes from living creatures sacrificed to supernatural powers. So don’t you let anyone pin you down on an altar and take the life from you. You might have been hurt, abused, wounded, and used, but you are not theirs. You are your own. The meaning of OWN means to make one’s own…so there you go. You decide. They don’t.”
“I matter. My feelings deserve attention. My desires deserve fulfillment. My dreams count. I matter, not because I’m selfish, but because if I don’t value my body, mind, and spirit, the world will destroy me. And when I do value myself, I am indestructible.”
“If you spend your valuable time wondering what people think about you, you will end up with little or no time doing what you are supposed to do in the first place.”
“You must be strong in order to stand up for who you are as a person and what you believe in, because those who are praying your weakness will be on the constant lookout to bring you down.”
“Weakness can spread fast like a highly contagious epidemic; though there is cure, you must not be afraid of failing and you must get up immediately after each failure to give it a try again. When you do this enough times without giving up, you will enjoy success at last.”
“The most powerful power, you can possess is grace of prayer.”
“The root of happiness is the harmony of soul with the spirit of a glad heart.”
“You do not need people who always point out your weaknesses rather than strengths.”
“Success is not a rocket science when you clearly understand your skills and capabilities, focus on what you do best, plan accordingly, and execute one objective at a time using your time wisely.”
“Love your life.”
“Don't be afraid of your passion. Like, just give it free rein. And be honest, and work hard. And it'll all turn out just fine.”
“I want to see what life makes of you. One thing is certain - it can't spoil you. It may pull you about horribly, but I defy it to break you up.”
“What right does a society have to call itself human, if it does not act like one, instead keeps quarreling and slaughtering in the name of the petty differences that they themselves have created!”
“Why is self confidence arrogant? Why is self-depreciation considered modesty? I worked my ass off to be able to have a high opinion of myself. It took a long time and many, many years, and I’m never going to tell – let anyone tell me that I should think less of myself.”
“Friends won't support you until they see strangers celebrate you.”
“A scientific fact has no value to me unless it can be implemented to improve human condition.”
“Whoever desire to learn, shall delight to listen .”
“車到山前必有路 / At the mountain there must be a way through”
“Unless you’re willing to have a go, fail miserably, and have another go, success won’t happen.”
“Sit your ass down and write.”
“The ceramics teacher announced on opening day that he was dividing the class into two groups. All those on the left side of the studio, he said, would be graded solely on the quantity of work they produced, all those on the right solely on its quality.His procedure was simple: on the final day of class he would bring in his bathroom scales and weigh the work of the “quantity” group: 50 pounds of pots rated an “A”, 40 pounds a “B”, and so on. Those being graded on “quality”, however, needed to produce only one pot — albeit a perfect one — to get an “A”.Well, came grading time and a curious fact emerged: the works of highest quality were all produced by the group being graded for quantity.It seems that while the “quantity” group was busily churning out piles of work-and learning from their mistakes — the “quality” group had sat theorizing about perfection, and in the end had little more to show for their efforts than grandiose theories and a pile of dead clay.”
“If someone is trying to sell you with only past credentials and older accolades without including present examples and up to date proof, you might be dealing with someone that is sharing expired information and does not have the up to date knowledge to help you.”
“It is only our dedication towards our passion that distinguishes a champion from the crowd.”
“Be invincible - not to weakness, but to defeat. You are defeated only when you think you are defeated.”
“Secret to writing a bestseller: You write. You stop dreaming of writing. You stop talking about writing. Stop wishing you were writing. And you write.”
“Be wise and be persistent - rest will come.”
“It is this simple. The religion of a computer is to compute - the religion of a scorpion is to sting in the face of danger - the religion of a human is to help other humans.”
“Human you are, and your purpose is to live for others as much as you live for yourself.”
“We live in the age of no excuses.”
“Principle without practice is like raw meat, which is good to have in your kitchen, but basically useless until you cook it in the oven. A principle has to be cooked in the heat of human conscience and behavioral expressions, in order to reach its proper nutritious potential.”
“Darkness is, in reality, nothing but the lack of light. So, darkness is natural, light is unnatural. Yet, it is light that defines the civilized traits of a species. Primitiveness is natural, being civilized is not, and yet, being civilized is what makes us superior to all other species, because we have developed the civilized faculties of conscience in our brain, overpowering the innate primitiveness, that served us well in the wild.”
“Without his Maker, a man is lost in wander.”
“学如逆水行舟，不进则退 / Studying is like rowing a bot upstream, not moving forward is to fall behind”
“It is better to hope than be un-happy.”
“When the underlying dream changes, when we successfully remove the blinders of the old cosmological conditioning, we will be able to apply our collective intelligence to its most enlightened purpose. Our lives will speak to us again with clarity and without the manipulation of fear attempting to protect itself from the distorted dream.”
“You are an integral part of this precious opportunity to take part in the collaboration of a world. Despite the cacophonous cast of characters inside and out, your one true voice continuously rallies you towards self-actualization. The universe or ‘one song’ awaits your note in the collective chorus.”
“The paradise we seek is a parallel reality to our Dispirited Dream, waiting for us to see it and choose it. We need to realize that we are perpetuating the conditions of our world with our focus and that we can shift our focus to the preferred conditions.”
“We have colluded with a world that denies our true nature, making it an unsustainable world. In our growing up as a species, it is time to realize that we, as individuals, have an ability and an accountability to affect a new reality. We need you.”
“Sadly, Our Dispirited Dream often conditions us to conform to a safe path rather than journey through the unknown in resonance with the one true voice within us. We are guided to choose one of the sanctioned roles, instead of unfolding our own. This outwardly authorized path, this siren song of security, holds hostage our highest potential, our most valuable contribution, and ultimately, our wellbeing.”
“It’s not the belief that I can do that limits me: it is the belief that I cannot do. I must stop doubting my ability. I must practice what I am not capable of. I must build the skills that have so long been an impossibility in my mind. This is growth: to do what I cannot do, not what I already can.”
“I choose to be me, for now, and forever. I will live my life for me and by me. This is my life and I will live it how I please.”
“I don't travel to escape reality. I travel to return to it.”
“When you are at war with yourself, who is winning? There is no good that comes from attacking yourself from within. Your demons that haunt your mind can’t be removed through force. You must work with your demons: change them through time, learn to ignore them, stop letting them control your life.Battling internally is only going to hurt you more in the long run. The best way to get past your demons is to continue living despite their presence and resolve the cause of their being. This war you are fighting is just going to leave your mind unsettled, in pain, and in no better position than it was before. This war helps no one.”
“The beginning is the hardest part to overcome. To decide that you will live the life of your dreams can be a scary undertaking but worth it nonetheless. Begin now, beyond your fear, and create your new life.”
“We can’t change what we have done. It’s done, forever, but we can change our actions now. We can make reparation for our bad actions by doing good actions, loving actions. Do not live remembering your past regrets, live with love now.”
“The only thing holding you back is you. You are your only limit. Move beyond your self-made limitations. If you are the one that creates your limitations, who has to get past them? You do.”
“The first step to starting change in your life is to let go of the parts of your life that no longer benefit you. Remove everything that you would not like to have in a better life. Your future, your better life, need to be lived as much without the bad as they are with more good. Start your better life by getting rid of the bad and then you can realize that you have enough room for the good the stick around.”
“You need not live your entire life now, be patient. If you work for things you want, you will find them. Change takes time and you can’t expect everything that you want to arrive immediately. Work hard, be patient.”
“You don’t build a reputation by saying you are going to do something. If you want to be a successful person, you have to actually work. There is nothing wrong with speaking about future plans if you actually take action to make them work. Be proud of your success thus far and be hopeful for your success in the future.”
“Don’t let your dreams, that your soul so craves, slip away from you. The time is now. Find your dreams.”
“You have the power, held tight in your heart, to do whatever you want to do. Release your power. Find your heart. It is time.”
“The problem is not whether we can or cannot but rather if we are willing to make the decision to pursue our passions. If you have the direction, you will have the will to succeed. Make up your mind to pursue your dreams, they are waiting for you.”
“Appreciate what you have. You may not have everything that you could ever desire but you have enough, enough to live a happy life. Life will never be perfect, but there will always be enough good in it to have a great life. And in that way, life is perfect.”
“Life all starts with a choice; a choice to be living or a choice to be dying. A single decision, huge as it may be, can define you. You can make that choice: the choice to live a better life.”
“If we embrace every problem with a prayer, we shall prevail.”
“Somedays I wish my life was different, I wish I had done this or done that to change my life. But then, I think about it and I think, no, I don’t wish my life was different, I will make it different. Change is always within my power and I can always make the decisions required to change my life. Change is always at my fingertips. I may not be able to change past experiences but I can change my future ones. And so, I am reassured for another day that I do not wish for change because I am change.”
“Confidence is courage.”
“One life, that is all you have. With that in mind, can you really say it is worth it to not do what you want to do, say what you want to say, be who you want to be? Those dreams, those goals, those parts of you that you keep hidden, what is keeping you from revealing them to the world? What is keeping you from finding the life you have always wanted? One life, that’s it.”
“While everyone else is considering whether or not to actually pursue their dream, start pursuing your dreams. Get a head start by starting right now. That doubt you hold about whether or not you should is holding you back in all aspects of your life. You have to do something, eventually, you have to pursue something. Set your vision on a goal and get started. This is your time, your only time, to do something. Good luck.”
“Those who have succeeded have not failed less than the rest of us, they have just tried more than us. They have tried and tried until they succeeded. Don’t give up before you have given your dreams a fair shot. Keep going until you have succeeded. Your loss becomes your success. Lose more, win more.”
“Your body is the vessel in which you experience life. If you want to experience the best possible life that you can, you have to maintain your vehicle: give yourself the proper fuels, get regular checkups, and continue to enjoy your body. One major factor in enjoying life is enjoying it in the best possible way, through a well rested, healthy, and well-maintained body. This is the only body you are going to get, make sure it does not fall out of use earlier than it should.”
“As long as you meditate on the scriptures, you will uplift your spirit.”
“A man can be rich as long as he reads.”
“Don’t diminish the value of the good in your life by focusing on the negative. You may have a lot of bad in your life but you also have a lot of good. Appreciate what you do have.”
“What really defines me? Is it my past: regrets, failure, and mistakes? Is it my future: dreams, goals, and everything that I have been pushing aside for another time? Maybe I am defined by who I am, right now, not by my actions from before or my actions yet to come but by my mind and everything that is going on inside it. My mind is what defines me, the way it was created my past, the way it will be will create my future. My thoughts, my intents, my values define who I am and create my entire life: actions, failures, successes.”
“Do what you can when you can. If you have the motivation, the inspiration, the energy to do something, do it. Don’t make excuses, be honest.”
“Life is a rollercoaster. There will be bad days and good days. Days with motivation and days that you just can’t. Learn to use each day to its highest potential. When you are having a bad day, allow yourself to relax, regroup, and replenish yourself. When you are having a good day, enjoy every moment, work hard, and use every ounce of energy that you have in order to benefit your life. Be honest with yourself, you are the only one that knows when you have the energy to work hard and when you need to take a break.”
“We want readers to understand and reap the benefits of being resilient, as the more resilient you are, the more persistent and productive you will become...You will become the hero of your life, not the victim of your circumstance.”
“The fear of God is safe haven.”
“The fear of a man is a snare. But the fear of God is a safe haven.”
“To succeed, you must never give on yourself.”
“The care of your body is one of the most important investments you can make. What good are expensive clothes, cars, and clutter when your body is sick from neglect? No purchase is worth more than the value of your wellness. Think about your priorities. Is an hour of browsing social media worth more than an hour of strolling peacefully through nature? Is having an unhealthy meal out worth more than eating a healthy home cooked meal? You choose what abuse and neglect to your body is worth it. You can choose to think that love for your life and your well being are worth more than anything else.”
“We are blind to ourselves. We aren’t even aware that we lie to ourselves. We must become self-aware. When we can find the truth in ourselves we can find the truth in the world. Truth opens the world to you with new horizons.”
“Experience is the teacher of true education.”
“If you’re always asking what if you made another decision, you will never be happy with the decisions you have made. Every decision in your life has been the right one at the time to allow you to get to this point in your life. The only decisions you can change are your decisions in the future.”
“I rarely regret my action but I often regret my inaction.”
“If you never take action, failure is guaranteed. When the only thing you fear is failure, the only thing you can do is get started. If you never work past that fear, it will never go away. Yeah, you might fail if you try but if you never try you will always fail.”
“You can not become great without action. Already being great at something is not a prerequisite for becoming great. You can start at any level in your life and achieve greatness if you would only take action and start working now.”
“To move forward, one need only take the first step,”
“Wherever there is love, there is life.”
“When life gets complicated i just ride to sort out”
“Tell everyone what you want to do and someone will want to help you do it.”
“Whatever you believe, you become.”
“If you can only believe in the Jesus Christ, you will be saved.”
“I am ready to burn up but not ready to rust down.”
“Ponder, ponder.”
“God is our hope on the day of doom.”
“Who shall deliver us in times of distress, only the Divine Being.”
“Good knowledge is the grace of kindness.”
“Don’t surrender to the pain. Know that it’s only temporary and that perseverance is the key to freedom.”
“When you focus on the now, you won’t become fearful of the future”
“The problem for some people is when [motivational] speakers put out a consistently positive message it can be off-putting, and they start to feel like the speakers aren't relatable anymore.”
“Whatever you wish for, you can have with hopeful patient wait.”
“Faith fuels the strength within.”
“The value of your life is not defined by the money you have but by the actions you make. Your value is in the love, compassion, and joy that you have spread to the world.”
“The duty of pursuit is the grace of prayer.”
“Faith is the force of being.”
“Don’t bottle up your emotions and hide them from everyone around you. There is a reason that you have emotional reactions, they serve to tell you when something is wrong. So-called “bad” emotions such as anger and sadness cannot just be pushed aside and forgotten about. Emotions must be relieved somehow and if not consciously by you then they will relieve themselves in an unfavorable form. There is no reason that you should be dealing with an overpowering feeling of rage and sadness. I’m not telling you to verbally assault people every time they make you angry to relieve yourself; instead, I am telling you to deal with the cause of your “bad” emotions. When you find that your emotions are flaring up, deal, quickly, with the thing that is causing them.”
“You are what you do not what you want to do. My life is based on my actions, not my thoughts or plans. In the past, I would tell myself that I wanted to write and, truthfully, I never made time for it. Now, I do write, every day, and I can proudly say that I have made time to do what I want. If you truly want to be doing something, you will find the time to do so.Think about it: What do you really want to be doing? Why aren’t you doing that thing?I used to never make time to write because I thought I would enjoy browsing Reddit and watching Netflix more than I would enjoy writing. Those activities that give instant gratification won’t make you happier in the long run. Every time I see a piece of my writing I feel so satisfied and proud of myself, every single time. If I see the same meme multiple times, I don’t feel anything. I don’t feel guilty or like this is the wrong thing for me to be doing when I write. I am no longer a watcher, I am a creator. I am a writer.”
“Reduce the clutter in your life. Get rid of the things that no longer serve you: past regrets, leftover anger, old plans. Clutter doesn’t just occupy the house in which you live, it occupies your mind. Learn to maintain your mind. Learn to do a daily clean up. Get rid of those unwanted thoughts.”
“Make choices that benefit you in the long run not just in the present. Your whole life is leading up to your future and your decisions now should be preparing for it.”
“Life needs to be tasted, smelled, seen, heard, and felt. Life is meant to be experienced, not to be lived in the same way, day after day. In nature, nothing repeats, everything is changing, always. Don’t battle with your nature: allow change, accept change, enjoy the change. Life is always morphing into something new and when you learn to live with that notion, you can learn to love the change.”
“If you live the same day, week, or year that you have always lived, your life will never get any better. Let yourself actually live. Fix what is broken in your life. Explore what you have left unexplored. Find the discomfort of the new and embrace it. Enjoy all that life has to offer.”
“Feel the pain. Feel the pleasure. As long as I’m living, I will enjoy every experience that I can. Happiness, glee, passion, peace, fear, pain, I want to feel it all, good or bad. I want to live, not in monotony, in utter craziness. I’m living not dying.”
“Realize your potential. Anyone that says one person can’t change the world is wrong. Your actions, thoughts, and words all ripple out into the world. One act of love can change someone’s life. One lifetime of love can change the world. When you realize all of your power, you can start benefiting the entire world with positive actions. Realize your potential to change the world.”
“Don’t let fear stop you from living. Everyone has fear. Everyone has to deal with a life that has fear. Some people choose to overcome fear and some choose to accept it. Overcome your fears don't let them define your life. You may be afraid but you can still live a wonderful life just as so many have before you. Don’t be afraid of letting yourself be happy.”
“This is your time, right now, to get up and start moving. With motivation floating in the air around you, take a chance at your dreams. This moment may never come again. This motivation may be lost. This might be the last chance you have to change your life. Are you going to waste this chance? Are you willing to give up your dreams out of fear? Time is not going to stop. Time will keep leaving until, before you know it, your life is gone. This life is the only chance you get, this life will never restart. This is it. Is the way you are living right now worth your life?”
“This is our time: our time to dream, our time to love, our time to live. Look around and see the beauty of today. This time will never come again, let’s enjoy it.”
“Be proud. You are here trying to improve yourself, to make a better life. Be proud that you have reached out into the world to find ways to be your best self. Let your pride sink into you. Let your pride empower you, encourage you, and, ultimately, improve your life.”
“Take my hand, hold on tight, and together we will jump. Jump out of the darkness and into the blinding light. I don’t know what struggle we will experience out there but I believe it is better than struggling here in the darkness. Together let’s change our lives. Let us take risks to create a better life. I believe.”
“Your life is going to change. The difference between good and bad change is whether or not you are the one doing the changing. If you let everyone and everything around you change your life for you, you will never be living the life that you want to be living. You will be living in the shadows of everyone around you, off the scraps of other people’s lives. If you want to live the life you want, you are going to have to get up and start creating that life.”
“Look to the past only to find ways to improve your present and future, never to find regrets. Don’t let what has happened in the past limit your life now. Let your past expand your life.”
“I love myself. Can you say those words without your mind finding reasons why it is not true? Whatever your mind may be saying about what is wrong with you, remember that you are lovable. Everyone has flaws, that is undeniable, but we can choose to see past our flaws and see the beauty that we each hold inside of us.”
“Your true self is enough. There is no need to be better than everyone else around you to be happy. True happiness comes when you are in harmony with yourself and no longer feel the need to one-up other people. Make healthy decisions, pursue your passions, and live your truth, do it all for you.”
“Send you infinite love into the world. Love is not a limited resource, it is infinite. There is no reason that you can’t show love to everything around you for any reason. Teach the world how wonderful love in the air feels. Teach the world to show love. Take action to make love a common knowledge.”
“Be the most important person in your life. You matter.”
“Build the world on good not evil. Let your life spread good and be good. Do not find your success in evil deeds to others. Be good, find good.”
“You are beautiful. Let yourself see your own beauty. You are so beautiful. Don’t tell yourself any different.”
“Make time to go outside and breath the fresh air. Feel the cold air tickle your skin. Let the hot sun warm the back of your neck. See the movement of nature all around you. You need to experience the flurry of action. Absorb the life. Feed your soul with the energy of the nature that surrounds you.”
“Death is a cruel mistress.So long she ruled me in fear,Took my life away.But I am standing up,No more,I will not give myself away.I will die in freedom,In passion,In bliss.I will die, yes, that is true,But first I will live to my heart’s content.Death and life, my friends.”
“You deserve the very best in life. Don’t settle for anything less than you deserve.”
“I wander this path,So lost and yet so free.I have fallen so many times.My heart knows what I want,And yet, something holds me back,A demon that lusts over pointless endeavours.This path is a battlefield.One man will fall,One man will stand,A cycle till the end of my time.My heart’s main fear that it will lose,And so, I lose and I lose.My heart, so insecure,My demon, oh, so confident.Stop.”
“Time,Crawling so slowly, numbing our minds,Boredom, lack of ambition, lost.Passion and it speeds along.The fire burns again.Time,Fast and filled.With passion, no matter how fast time flies away,I am content.Alive.”
“Everyone belongs. You may think that you are different, that you are excluded, that you are disconnected. Even the fact that you feel alone groups you with a huge part of society. Have no fear that you are alone. Allow yourself to be included. Don’t let that critical voice inside your head tell you that you can’t join the world around you. You belong if you allow yourself to belong.”
“Here we all are, so afraid of failure that we don’t even attempt to succeed. We feel so lost, by ourselves. Fear fuels our stagnation. Fear should be fueling our success or nothing at all. Everyone feels fear; we should be learning to use our fear to our advantage rather than attempting to ignore it. I am afraid but that doesn’t stop me. Does fear stop you?”
“The only way to fail at life is to start believing that life can’t get any better. Perfect may not be attainable but better is always an option. Perfection only creates the idea that there is a limit on how great your life can get. Start believing that you have the power to create a better life for yourself.”
“I have fallen, fallen into the arms of lost hope. I’m lost, unsure whether to stay where I am or stand up and risk falling so painfully again. Maybe if I stay here the pain of my dreams ripping from my soul will fade. Maybe I can learn to enjoy seeing my aspirations, the beauty shining brightly, fade into the distance. I don’t think I can learn to love this stagnant water of doubt in which I’ve fallen. I have to stand up. I have to take a step towards my glowing dreams. Fear will cling to my ankles, attempting to pull me back down, its ropes of anxiety wrapping tightly into me. I may even trip, giving fear a minor victory, but I will stand again. I will keep getting up, over and over again, until my legs grow strong, my mind becomes resilient, and my fear weakens. Let fear fight me, I know I am strong enough to overcome anything it throws my way.”
“There are some things you can’t control in life; other people's action and unfortunate events can’t be changed no matter how hard we try. There are some things you will always have control over your actions, thoughts, and perspective. Sure, there will always be things we can’t plan for but if we remember our power over ourselves we can overcome our problems in our best possible way. Even when you feel powerless you still have the power of your actions.”
“Your passions do not necessarily need to be made into a career for you to find happiness in them. You just need to make time to appreciate your passions. You have an obligation to make your life more beautiful by using and enjoying your passions. You don’t need to make a whole new lifestyle to find happiness in your passions. Just choose to enjoy your passions. Don’t limit yourself by defining a worthwhile purpose for your passion. Your passion’s purpose can simply be to make you happy. Appreciate your passions.”
“To everyone who gets me, thank you. To everyone who doesn't, thank you too. You give me the motivation to keep succeeding just to piss you off.”
“Live beyond your fear. This is your life, the good, the bad, all yours. The change you want is beyond your comfort zone. If change was within your comfort zone, you would be wherever you want to be, but it isn’t. The best in life is past our comfort, into our fear and beyond it.”
“Let them ridicule you, laugh at you, hurt you &amp; ignore you but never let them stop you.”
“Someday you shall meet someoneWho's gonna look at you in awe-Flying high, wings all spread,And wonder how it'd be likeTo clip those wings,Tie those feet down,And cage you forever...When you hit the ground,Remember to run”
“When we suffer we inspire ourselves to change. Imagine we had no pain to overcome, we would not take action to make our life any more meaningful. Turn your suffering into motivation to change.”
“Let your mind have peace for a moment. Push away all the anxious thoughts. Release your tension and breath. Everything is going to work out. It might not be fine now but trust that in time everything will be okay. Allow yourself to rest. Put a hold on your stress. You can always pick up your stress at another time. Breathe. Be calm. Trust in yourself.”
“Develop habits of self-love that allow you to feel happy and cared for. You deserve happiness and your actions every day should be giving you that. Make time for yourself to enjoy life.”
“There are no quick fixes in your life. If you want to live a happier life you have to make your actions happier every day. You need to be determined to make your life better if you want it to be so.”
“We are always planning, telling ourselves that once we figure out the perfect system we will be all set to find our dreams. There is no planning for your dreams. Dreams are a learning process. You need to begin acting towards them or you will make no progress. You can plan the most perfect plan there ever was but with life anything can happen and you need to act as soon as possible rather than wait.”
“Live without expectations. Don’t set parameters on your life by telling yourself that something can only be enjoyed if it is a certain way. Allow life to surprise you. Keep an open mind and enjoy all of life’s treasures.”
“Look up from your device’s screen, find the sunlight, find the moonlight. Find the crisp cool air, the drifting clouds, the delicate beauty of a tiny flower. There is always beauty out there, sometimes you just have to look a little harder.”
“We all want to live forever and yet we don’t live our lives to the fullest. Life may be short but it is long enough to be rich with opportunities for happiness. Don’t live your life looking into future, hoping for the best. Live your life now because now is the only time that is guaranteed.”
“When you keep telling yourself that you are going to start in the future you are really telling yourself that you will never start. The future will never come. You have to get past the excuses that you are giving yourself that prevent you from starting today, right now. If you keep letting yourself tell you lies you will never find the success you are searching for.”
“Whoever count his blessings, shall be content.”
“Release the stress you are holding. Feel the tension leave your body. Now, look at the root of your stress. Find your solution in a moment of calm, not anxiety.”
“If it doesn't open, it's not your door”
“Make a choice. Right now. Are you going to change your life or remain where you are? If you have decided to remain where you are, come back to this question in the future. If you have decided to change, be firm with your decision, do not let yourself or anyone else change your mind. This is your path now, the path of positive self-change. I cannot tell you how you must invoke change to your own life but I can say this will be the most beneficial journey you will ever make.”
“Life is not meant to be lived in a constant state of fear, anxiety, anger, sadness, and discomfort. Life is meant to be enjoyed. Get rid of the things that cause you pain and find the things that make your heart soar. Find the happiness.”
“There's a beautiful yin and yang nestled in the heart of a dream. It's where you find self-worth intertwined with travail.”
“Even on my worst day I'm Kill'n it!”
“The Truth of God is taught by the Holy Spirit.”
“Don’t do different things, Do things differently so that your enemy can’t imagine your next step.”
“Be true to your sacred self.”
“Believe in yourself. Step one to success.”
“It takes a lot of courage to walk your own path way without others approval.”
“Nothing is over until I win.”
“One mind, One master.”
“Look closely at your greatest thoughts about yourself. That's your future.”
“Turn your self-hell into self-help.”
“To live with hope is to seek heavenly help.”
“I think there’s a point in everyone’s life where they realize that despite their best efforts, they have no choice but to surrender. That carrying on will only bring them more pain or heartache. I don’t think there’s any way that we can avoid these moments. But I just want you to know that I’m not quite there yet.”
“Do your best in the day, for the day, and then work on tomorrow when it comes. Show yourself grace and laugh at yourself.”
“This time will never come again in your life. Enjoy every moment, right now, before the time is gone.”
“You are the most important person in your life. Your relationship with yourself defines your relationships with every other person you encounter. Celebrate yourself and celebrate all those around you.”
“Stop changing yourself for the sake of other people. You shouldn't care what strangers think and true friends won't ask you to change.”
“To become the best possible you, you must not only work on improving yourself but on improving others as well. You learn to help yourself when you learn how others need help. We are all just human and are more similar to each other than we might admit. Where others struggle you may struggle too and by seeing their problems from a different perspective you can help find the solutions that you both need.”
“Take care of your health. Don't look for one quick fix to cure all your ailments. Take the time every day to help your mind, body, and soul heal. It is extremely important for your daily happiness to know that you are supporting your health instead of hurting it.”
“When you hide your flaws you only give them the power to dominate your life. Every time that you fake who you are to cover your flaws, they become stronger and visible to your own eye. You become comfortable with working every day to hide them from everyone else's view. And maybe you try to show the world those flaws but they are rejected because you've hidden them for so long that they couldn't possibly be a true part of you. But then, you show them to the world every day, day after day, and they finally start to disappear from view because they really never were a really big deal in the first place. Accept your flaws or you will never truly be able to live with them.”
“Sometimes, we can't see our progress. We live our lives every day and can't see how much has changed. I think we all need a piece of reality every once in a while, some item to show us how far we have come from our past to our present. We get so lost in trying to get gratification for our work right away that we forget our small progressive steps. And then, we get a reality check, we see a piece of our past that shows us that everything we've done thus far has been worth it. Maybe you see a piece of writing that you wrote a few years ago, a sketch from the past, or even, like me, you try on a pair of pants that you haven't worn in a few months. And suddenly, everything has become worth it. Your struggle becomes your success. All those days you felt like giving up but you didn't mark the pathway to your future. So keep trying, day after day and look back to the past with a smile.”
“If you were to wake up tomorrow to a life where all your goals had been accomplished but had no memory of the work you put into succeeding, would you feel the happiness that you would have if you had completed your goals yourself? Probably not. Sure, perhaps you would live happily for a while given that you are suddenly living a dream life but in the long run something would be wrong. You wouldn’t have learned the lessons you needed to maintain this new lifestyle. You see, the success is found in the journey, not the finish line. You need to learn the lessons that come with working hard, failing, trying again, and, eventually, succeeding at living the life you have always wanted.”
“Take the time today to love yourself. You deserve it.”
“When you start believing that you are too old to enjoy something, you lose so much joy in your life.”
“New year, same me. I'm just going to get better.”
“The most important journey in your life will be the journey to find yourself. To find who you are, to find what you love, is the greatest gift in life. Look at yourself, honestly, and find who you really are. To reveal your true self might be scary but the act of learning who you really are is important to make it possible to live your best possible life.”
“Support those that have supported you.”
“It pierced through me like the ray of sun through the darknessAnd I was awakened like the dawnIt hit me just as the lightning strikes in the middle of the stormAnd I'm electrified to the boneFIRE IN MEIt rushed through me like the wind in the cold desert nightAnd my heart is chilled by the fire in meThe fire that guides my wayThe fire that keeps my dreams burning”
“The more you tell yourself that you are trying to do something rather than telling yourself that you are doing said thing, the harder it is to have success in your attempts. By saying that you are trying to do something you are focusing on the negatives making it impossible to have a positive outcome.”
“When nothing is certain in your life, you have a blank canvas to work with. You can determine a new future for yourself with passionate actions. You can pursue anything that you put your mind to. When things seem uncertain it is the best time to take action.”
“I have no regrets from my past only pride over how far I have come to be the person I am today and hope that tomorrow I will be even better.”
“Simply be and let your being be happy.”
“The best way to achieve lasting change in your life is to act slowly and persistently. Do not make radical changes in your life that you have not yet learned to maintain. Act with deliberate care and decisiveness and allow yourself to make the changes you need in your life.”
“Sometimes in life, you have to take difficult steps and make tough decisions, in order to achieve something extraordinary.”
“Faith is expressed in love.”
“Ordinary people never win.”
“The gift of God is grace.The grace of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus.”
“But God demonstrates His own love towards us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 5:8”
“The glory of God is our rear guard.”
“He wounds but he heals.”
“When nothing seems to be going right, take a break. Clear your head and give yourself some time to rest. Then try again. Rinse and repeat. Over and over again until you see the results you want. Take your time off as a time to change your perspective, as a time to find a solution to your problem. With hard work and dedication, any problem can be solved. Don't expect instant results with no work, expect small successes and many failures that will build up to become your dreams.”
“Do not refuse to help your own relatives.”
“Don't let bad feelings follow you from day to day. Let each day be a new start for better times.”
“Be kind to others and you will find that others are kind to you. Being positive will spread positivity back to you. If you give out a pleasant energy, you will receive a pleasant energy.”
“Keep growing, even when times are tough. Learn the lessons you need to learn and keep changing. Keep growing stronger. You have made it this far and you can make it through all the hard times ahead. Stay strong.”
“Overcome obstacles as they come rather than worry about when they will arrive.”
“Do not change yourself to please others, change yourself to please yourself. You are the person that truly matters in your life. You are the person you wake up to every morning and fall asleep to every night. Your life is for you.”
“Your actions should reflect what you feel your life should reflect. All action should be to better your life. Your life is your actions, not your inaction. It is not what you say you will do or what others think of what you are doing. It is all the positive and negative things you have done in your life. Act positively for a positive life.”
“When your time is gone it is gone forever. Take action before your time is gone. Live now.”
“There are two steps to achieving your dreams. Believe you can do anything you put your mind to. Put your mind to it.”
“Don't believe that the day is without good. The very fact that you are consciously here today is a blessing of itself. Every breath you breathe, step you take, day you live is the greatest gift you can ever receive. Don't let those gifts fall away unappreciated. Live with joy in every moment.”
“You have to keep trying whether you feel like you can or not. Your future will thank you.”
“The garden of God is full of ripen fruits.”
“If you want your life to be successful, you must look inward. You must change how you think before your life can change. You change your thinking. You change your actions. You change your life.”
“Why is there never enough time to pursue my dreams? Yet, I have time to browse memes, laugh at cats doing silly things, and stare off into the distance. My dream is to do what I love and yet I still don't pursue that dream. When we fear failure we allow ourselves to fail every day by not pursuing our dreams.”
“When a bad thought pops into your head it has no power. Thoughts are weak until you give them attention. Your attention makes them grow stronger. If you keep thinking those bad thoughts, they will consume your life. And when you let go of them, they will leave, fading away just as they came. Focus on the thoughts that make you happy. Focus on the positive and your positivity will grow stronger.”
“When you commit to doing something every day it is hard. It seems impossible and you want to quit but if you just hang in there you will see it gets easier. Every day you get a little stronger. Every day you try a little harder. There will be times when you want to quit. Your mind will tell you to stop. You need to persist. You need to continue trying every single day. And one day you will notice how easy it has become to do something that seemed so hard in the beginning.”
“You'll see so much more beauty in the world if you can accept that there is good in every little thing around you.”
“One of the bravest things you can do is take action towards your dreams. To overcome the fear that holds you back makes you so strong. Your mind will tell you no while your heart says yes and you have to choose which side you will fall on. Let your choice be to take action for the pursuit of your life goals. You may not succeed right away, but had you not taken action, you would never have succeeded anyway. Be brave.”
“Lay the foundations for your future now. Try to do a little bit every day and let it slowly add up. Every bit of work you do for your future is worth it.”
“Never stop being yourself. When you start faking who you are, you start lying to yourself. You can lie about who you are to the people around you, and they may even believe you, but when you lie to yourself something will always feel wrong. You can't fake who you are forever and eventually, you will wear yourself down. This doesn't mean that you must remain the way you are forever. You can change yourself with time and practice. You will feel the difference between true change and fake change. True change requires work. That work is worth it.”
“If we had given up too soon, we would have miss the sunniest of today.”
“Everyone should give their dream a chance. Don't give up before you've even started. Let your actions push you to your dreams and don't let the thought of failure be the thing that stops you. It may be hard and you may struggle, but in the end, you can have the pride in saying you tried your hardest to get what you wanted and let nothing stand in your way.”
“Set your mark on humanity by being your own unique self and doing the things that make your heart shine. With such passion, you can make an impact on the world.”
“When people attempt to morph themselves into someone they are not as a way of conforming to their view of how they should be, they quell the very parts of themselves that makes them who they need to be. If we all fell under the category of normal, how would anyone ever succeed? We would all hover in the same place forever. No one would improve. Everyone would remain idle. We may even all begin to retrogress. I believe that part of being human is to have the ability to change and improve yourself. Be who you need to be, not who you think you should be.”
“Everything you do has an effect on your life. It may be positive or negative. If you do positive things in your life, your life will give you positive experiences. If you live a negative life, it is a sign that you must change your actions in the day. Act more positively and your life will be more positive.”
“If you fail today there is always tomorrow to try again. You always have that second chance tomorrow.”
“As long as you have food, water, and shelter, all that matters is what goes on inside your mind. A happy mind makes for a happy life. Find the little pleasant moments that happen in your day and summon all the happiness you can from each and every one. There may be bad days but if you can find a tiny speck of happiness then it is not all for nothing. Live in the moment. Let go of the bad in your past and enjoy every happy moment to the fullest extent.”
“If you stop learning, you forget what you ready know.”
“Soar your wings high in the heavenly sky.”
“To be content is to live without your wants.”
“Holy fear of God is to depart from evil.”
“Examine the energy you are sending into the world. Is it positive, loving and hopeful or is it negative, hostile and angry?”
“The best investment you can make is an investment in yourself. Spend your time, money, and energy on improving your life and self.”
“To grow you must not gain something but instead get rid of all the things that have held you back.”
“Inaction only makes a task more daunting in your eye. Act quickly, before you overthink, get anxious or give up.”
“It's okay to be nervous, scared, angry or sad sometimes so long as you don't let those emotions rule your entire life.”
“Expect good to happen in your day and you'll find that good things start to happen.”
“Do what you are passionate about. Do it for yourself, nobody else.”
“Let the past be the past as you make your way into the future.”
“The more you think change is outside of yourself the more you reinforce the idea that you do not hold the power of change inside of you.”
“If you keep doing what you have always done, your life will never change. Change your routine.”
“If you hide your problems and never let yourself get help from yourself and others, those problems will always be lurking inside of you beneath the surface.”
“Stop overthinking. You can do it.”
“Do what you can today. And keep working up until you can do everything you want to do in the day, every day.”
“A life lived every day doing only what needs to be done may seem convenient but your heart and soul don't live for convenience they live for exploration, imagination and the pursuit of dreams. Do what must be done but also do what your heart and soul want done.”
“Stop spending your energy on thoughts you don't want and things you don't need. Spend your energy on the thoughts, people, things and dreams you do want. You only have so much energy in the day; spend it wisely.”
“Don't stress over being yourself. The act of being yourself is simply to be. Be without changing yourself for others. Simply be.”
“Shift your focus from your fears to your dreams. Let the love, passion and utter awesomeness of your dreams guide you through life.”
“Imagination can turn any situation into a positive situation. Let your creativity run wild. Let yourself create new worlds, new times and new thoughts. Don't think yourself immature for having fun in dull times. Let that creativity flow into your everyday life and create beautiful new experiences.”
“Look around and marvel at the amazing world that surrounds your everyday life.”
“When you feel that there is something wrong with your life, you must be willing to change your perspective, thoughts, and actions to fix it. Your perspective is the only thing stopping you from having a better, happier life.”
“If you want change you must take full responsibility for yourself. No one else defines how you live. You are the only one with the power for your self-change.”
“Positive change doesn't come on its own. If you want something to change you have to take action and stand up for yourself. Change doesn't come without work; time and labour. No one can come in and do all the work for you. If you want change, you must make the change yourself.”
“One day of positive thinking won't change your life. You must actively; every day, be working to change your thoughts into positive ones. The work you put into changing your life is the progress you get out.”
“If you spend your time trying to become who everyone else wants you to be, you will be torn apart. There is no way to be perfect in a world with so many different opinions on the right way to be. If you want to feel whole, you have to live as who you believe you need to be.”
“Every action you make changes the world in a little way. Let your actions be positive and be a benefit to the world. Everything you do, say or make is an original piece added to the world; it cannot be replicated or replaced. Let your unique self change the world around you.”
“Talk to yourself. Tell yourself you are beautiful. Tell yourself you are strong. See all the beauty that you have inside and speak it aloud. Let your mind see yourself in a positive light.”
“Try this:Wake up and say thank you to the universe for all the good things you have in your life. Appreciate.”
“Start each action with overwhelming positivity enthusiasm and each action will be overwhelmingly successful.”
“What God has planned for us is far better than what we desire to behold.”
“God's knows what is best for us.”
“Always strive to be a better person. No matter what. Do not try to be better than your fellow man but to be better than you were yesterday. Compare yourself only to your past you. Any bit of progress that you make of improving yourself, no matter how small, makes a positive impact in your life and in the lives of others around you. A little bit every day. Try.”
“There is no set moment in your life that will define you. Every moment is a chance to change your life for better or worse. Choose to change now.”
“What you think about is what you get. The more you think about something, the more it manifests in your life.”
“Life is about balance. Too much work and you'll lose your spirit. Too much leisure and your dreams fall away from you.”
“Let your life be a reflection of your bravery not of your fear. Someone who does not take risks and leave their comfort zone will remain stagnant. They will never change, never move, never leave the place they are right now. Be brave in the face of your fears.”
“Change is a slow process. Keep going toward your goals. When you feel like giving up, remember how good it will feel to change your life into the wonderful life you have imagined.”
“Live knowing that your choices today will create your tomorrow. Every action you make to improve yourself will improve your life. Little by little. Try.”
“I will die, yes, that is true, but first I will live to my heart's content.”
“Do not ever think that you are too small to make a difference in the world. You may not be able to change the entire world but you are able to change the world you see and the world of the people around you. Let your being resonate as a positive influence to those that make up your world.”
“Purposefully look for something beautiful today.”
“Things will happen in your life that you have no control over but that doesn't mean you are at the complete mercy of the unknown. You will always have power over your reaction to the outside world. That is your power. It is the power that can change your life if you choose to use it. Never believe that you have no control over your life, you have so much more control over your life than you can even imagine. So be active in changing your life.”
“Never put aside what you can do today. If you keep pushing your responsibilities to the side, one day they will catch up in unfavorable ways. Just do a little bit every day. If you are consistent, you will get the results you want.”
“Allow yourself to make mistakes. There will always be times in your life when you fail but you can make that failure into a success by choosing to learn from it. Tomorrow is another day and another chance to succeed. Try again.”
“If every problem you encountered was easily overcome, would you be the strong person you are today?”
“Choose to regret nothing in your life. The only thing you can change is your future.”
“Your perception of reality is not set in stone. It is flexible. If you are willing to work towards changing your perception, you can bend your reality. You can see a more positive life around you. You can see the beauty in the world. If you actively look for the good in the world, eventually your world will change. Look for the little things until the big things come into the picture.”
“Remember that reading these quotes will not change your life. These quotes only work to push you in the right direction. You are the only one who can change you.”
“Let your love direct your journey.”
“Stop making excuses. You are not missing the tools to do what you want to do, you are missing the drive to get it done. Get started. Just a little bit every day and watch it all start to come your way. Good luck. - Avina Celeste”
“Never let your fears hold you back. Fears are not easily overcome but when you take the time to be brave it is worth the struggle.”
“Bad doesn't leave your life until you start consciously injecting good into your life through positive thinking.”
“It is in the pursuit of a goal that happiness is found. Achievement is shortlived compared to the satisfaction found in knowing that you have consistently worked towards your goals. Dream big, work hard and find even bigger dreams to pursue.”
“As you act with more control, compassion, and love, the lives of those around you improve. When you let yourself find happiness, your friends, family, and acquaintances will begin to find their happiness too.”
“Fear of change doesn't fade away. If you want to get past it, you must be brave and take action. It may be hard but things will stay the same way forever if you don't.”
“Be ready for the opportunities that arise when you have the courage to open your heart to everything your soul loves.”
“Stop making excuses. You are not missing the tools to do what you want to do, you are missing the drive to get it done. Get started. Just a little bit every day and watch it all start to come your way. Good luck.”
“Anxiety does not make a future situation turn out better if anything it stops you from reaching your highest potential. Relax and live in the present, not the future.”
“Every day you grow stronger and the challenges become easier. Keep going.”
“If you are willing to work for it, you can obtain whatever you want. Just put in the hard work and watch everything begin to move your way.”
“The thoughts that pass through your mind are merely strangers passing on the street. You can choose to stop them to have a chat or to simply pass them by, fleeting and never to be seen again. You choose which thoughts come to your home, which thoughts influence you, which thoughts change you. If you strike up a conversation with a negative thought, you get to decide how often that thought comes around or how often you let it work against you. Simply choose to pass the negative thoughts on the street. Make friends with your positive thoughts.”
“Being broke is part of the journey. Staying broke is a fucking choice.”
“I have a big heart and give with love everywhere I go, i am hungry for life and if you do me bad you will be my fucking dinner.”
“Feed your soul; books, places, people, anything. That helps it grow.”
“If you love to do something, what is stopping you from doing it? Make the time. Show your passion. Shine on.”
“To be at rest is to be at peace.”
“At the end of the story of my life, I want to say it was the best book I had ever read.”
“When your car needs gas, you go to a gas station and get back on the road. You don’t stay at the gas station for the rest of your life. Learn to rest and never to quit. Remember this while you journey through life.”
“Inspire before you expire.”
“Gladness comes from God.”
“Simple is complicated.”
“A man is measured by the depths of his commitments.”
“The Stone Age didn’t end because people ran out of stones. It ended because people kept learning and improving”
“You may be a poet and not even know it.”
“The snooze button is useless if you love life enough to get up on time.”
“The snooze button is useless is you love life enough to get up on time.”
“The only difference between a happy and an unhappy person is that the former values what he has and the latter always values what he hasn't”
“We are all looking for perfection in our lives, but the truth is, there is no perfect. There’s just better and worse. And for what we are in this world, not being perfect is the perfect thing.”
“Be careful how you live your life.”
“Be careful whose advice you heed to!”
“The royal power is the grace to act right.”
“Thank God who delivered us from harsh labour.”
“If I don't keep complaining about my problems, it doesn't mean I have fewer of them, all it means is I can handle them better.”
“When the yoke is broken, the burden is removed.”
“Fear is a faint heart.”
“Here's a good phrase for you to jot down: wherever you are, be there! Be there to absorb it. Take a picture if you can. Take pictures in your mind; let your soul and heart take pictures. Get it, capture it, absorb it. And don't be casual in getting it. Casualness leads to casualties.”
“God is my peace.”
“Experience everything but cling to what is right.”
“Success is more than just power or not violating the rights of others; it is the privilege of contributing to the betterment of others.”
“I feel that luck is preparation meeting opportunity.”
“Even if you become the most perfect version of yourself, someone will find something negative to say.”
